
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store ASUS recommends Windows. X555LA Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Buy 15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor Shop Share Modal header Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store
Products
What´s New
Commercial
Support
Store
LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all
LOGIN ASUS Account Logout
LOGIN
ASUS Account Logout
ASUS Account
Logout
Message Center Display all
Message Center
Display all
Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store
Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Products
Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming
Phones
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs
Tablets
Motherboards
Graphics Cards
Wearable
Desktop & All-in-One PCs
Display
Networking
Sound
Home & Automobile
Peripheral
Gaming
Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more
Phones
Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
Phones
ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
ZenFone
ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance
ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast
Phone Accessories
ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast
ZenWatch
Power Banks
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Screen Protectors
Headphones & Headsets
Miracast
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL)
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design.
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs
Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series
Notebooks
ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series
ZenBook Series
Republic Of Gamers
K Series
X Series
E Series
Chromebooks
V Series
F Series
2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible)
2-in-1 PCs
Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible)
Transformer Book series (Detachable)
Transformer Book series (Convertible)
Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks
Notebook Accessories
Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks
Adapters
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Stylus
Docks
ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more
ZenBook 3 (UX390UA)
The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance.
Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more
Tablets
Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad
Tablets
ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad
ZenPad
Transformer Pad
Vivo Tab
Nexus
MeMO Pad
Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast
Tablet Accessories
Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast
Adapters
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Screen Protectors
Keyboards
Docks
Stylus
Miracast
ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more
ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)?
Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance.
Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more
Motherboards
Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform
Motherboards
ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform
ASUS Signature
ROG - Republic of Gamers
Pro Gaming
TUF-24/7 Durability
Commercial
Workstation
Intel platform
AMD platform
Motherboard Accessories
X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more
X99-DELUXE II
Awaken True Performance
Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more
Graphics Cards
Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series
Graphics Cards
AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series
AMD Series
NVIDIA Series
ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking
STRIX Series
Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge
Graphics Card Accessories
SLI Bridge
GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more
GTX 1080 Founders Edition
ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience
Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more
Wearable
ZenWatch
ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more
ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q)
Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles
Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more
Desktop & All-in-One PCs
Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series
Tower PCs
VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series
VivoPC series
ROG series
Gaming series
Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini
Mini PCs
VivoPC VivoMini
VivoPC
VivoMini
Stick PCs Stick PCs
Stick PCs
Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit
Chrome Devices
Chromebox Chromebit
Chromebox
Chromebit
All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO
All-in-One PCs
Zen AiO Vivo AiO
Zen AiO
Vivo AiO
Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more
Zen AiO ZN240IC
The Art of Performance
Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more
Display
Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More…
Monitors
4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More…
4K UHD
Professional
Gaming
Wide-Viewing
Portable
Eye Care
More…
Projectors
PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more
PG348Q
This is the Curve You’re Looking For
Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more
Networking
Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters
Networking
Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters
Wireless Routers
Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges
Wireless Adapters
RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more
RT-AC88U
Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router
Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more
Sound
Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards
Essence Hi-Fi Audio
Sound Cards
Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment
Sound Cards
Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment
Essence Hi-Fi Series
STRIX Gaming Series
Gaming
Entertainment
Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series
Headphones & Headsets
ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series
ROG Gaming Series
Gaming
STRIX Gaming Series
STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more
STRIX PRO Headset
A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility.
Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more
Home & Automobile
Home Entertainment Android TV
Home Entertainment
Android TV
Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more
Nexus Player
Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you
Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more
Peripheral
Computer Bags
Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads
Keyboards & Mice
Keyboards Mice Mousepads
Keyboards
Mice
Mousepads
Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage
Optical Drives & Storage
External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage
External Bluray Drive
External Slim DVD Drive
Internal Blu-ray Drive
Internal DVD Drive
Storage
Docks
ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more
ROG Sica
Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance.
Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Gaming
ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads
ROG - Republic Of Gamers
Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads
Notebooks
Desktops
Motherboards
Graphics Cards
Monitors
Headsets
Mice
Mousepads
ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
ROG STRIX GL502VS
Compact and Potent
What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside
What´s New
Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena
Your ZenBook. Your Moment.
Shop and compare ROG laptops
Enter the ROG Arena
Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS
Light ´em Up
MyZen - news, tricks and tips
Powered by ASUS
Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside
Join the Republic
Oculus Ready PCs
ASUS From the Inside
Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education
Commercial
Products Business Type Industry
Products
Business Type
Industry
Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education
Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops
Products
Projectors
Notebooks
All-in-One PCs
Monitors
Servers & Workstations
Desktops
Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business
Business Type
Small & Mid-size Business
Enterprise & Large Business
SOHO Micro Business
Industry Education
Industry
Education
Support Consumer Commercial
Support
Consumer Commercial
Consumer
Commercial
Store
ASUS recommends Windows. X555LA Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Buy 15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor Shop Share Modal header Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
ASUS recommends Windows. X555LA Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Buy
ASUS recommends Windows.
X555LA
Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Buy
Overview
Specifications
Gallery
Review
Support
Successful Case
Where to buy
Buy
15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor Shop Share Modal header Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor Shop Share Modal header Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs
15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor Shop
15.6 inch HD display with Windows 8.1, Intel®Core™ i5/i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, up to 1TB storage, and a weight of 5 lbs
Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor
Shop
Share
Modal header
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage. IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too. Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back. Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds. Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing. Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage.
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool. Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too.
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool.
Incredible Beauty A classic, timeless design
Incredible
Beauty
A classic, timeless design
Designed for everyday multitasking and entertainment for smart and practical users, the ASUS X Series notebooks redefine your expectations of all-rounder notebook. With a spun-circle finish and patterned palm rests, the X Series adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to everyday computing. It houses to a large touchpad with intuitive multi-point Smart Gesture input, multiple USB 3.0 ports for fast data transfer and IceCool technology to keep your palm rests cool.
Video calls in crystal clarity The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too.
Video calls in crystal clarity
The X series features a 720p HD camera with a highly sensitive sensor that performs well in diverse light conditions, from lightly lit room to the bright outdoors. Now you can reach out to your love ones or anyone else while looking great. The camera comes in handy when you need to keep in touch with friends and family through full screen video chats. The smooth 16:9 screen is great for video conferencing with clients and coworkers too.
Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience. Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor. A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back.
Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience.
Incredible Performance Providing a smooth computing experience
Incredible
Performance
Providing a smooth computing experience
Value-packed with all the essentials, the X Series reinvents your daily computing experience. Whether you are using it for work or for fun, this is an ideal machine for both productive computing and entertainment. It features up to an Intel® Core™ processor and graphics card, Instant on that resumes your computer from sleep mode in 2 seconds and USB 3.0 for 10 times faster data transfer speed. ASUS X Series gives you everything you need for a truly satisfying multitask computing and multimedia experience.
Productivity and entertainment ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor.
Productivity and entertainment
ASUS X Series are powered by up to Intel® Core™ processors and graphics card that deliver smooth, responsive performance. They integrate faster processors, more powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller adequate for daily multitask computing or multimedia entertainment. ASUS X Series can handle more applications at once without slowing down, resulting in very rewarding usage for work and pleasure, all within a slim form factor.
A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back.
A notebook with smartphone-like accessibility
Exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology brings notebooks smartphone-like responsive performance, with near-instant resume even from prolonged standby. This Instant on 2-second resume means so long notebook reboot frustration, and get back into fun and productivity delay-free. ASUS Super Hybrid Engine II technology also optimizes battery life with various power modes to suit the task at hand. With instant on functionality enabled, ASUS notebooks can remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! There is no worry about data loss while in standby mode as data automatically gets backed up when the battery drops to 5% charge. Files and tasks are kept safe in memory, waiting for you when you get back.
Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series. Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds.
Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series.
Incredible Sound Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience
Incredible
Sound
Precise, crystal clear audio to complete the cinematic experience
On most notebooks, all sound frequencies originate from small onboard speakers. The resulting audio comes from a single source and lacks distinctiveness. Like other notebooks in the ASUS range, the X Series comes equipped with SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard to bring you high fidelity audio. Experience omnidirectional sound and hear each individual instrument's nuances with the X Series.
Clearer sound and deeper bass SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
Clearer sound and deeper bass
SonicMaster techonology, development efforts of the ASUS Golden Ear team together with Bang & Olufsen ICEpower, offers a remarkably attractive mobile multimedia package. Our tailored mix of superior hardware and optimized software improve audio quality with easily distinguishable and accurately louder sounds. Bigger speakers and resonance chambers give a smooth, rich and detailed sound that enhance audio experience in different usage scenarios like movies and music. ASUS SonicMaster technology partnered with our AudioWizard, audio tuning software, adds new depth to your entertainment experience.
DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
DISTINCT VOCALS
TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND
WIDE RANGE
POWERFUL OUTPUT
CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND
DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
Optimized audio with AudioWizard AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds.
Optimized audio with AudioWizard
AudioWizard is an audio tuning software that ASUS co-developed with professional audio processing company Waves, recipient of a 2011 Technical GRAMMY Award ®. The five selectable modes enhance sound quality to suit different listening environments. Enjoy lifelike sound in music, movies and games, with all modes fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team. The proprietary interface puts you first, so it's utterly user-friendly, offering quick and direct access to your content. It's so flexible, you can change the sound in seconds.
Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience. Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures. An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing.
Incredible Touch Precise input The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience.
Incredible Touch Precise input
Incredible
Touch
Precise input
The ASUS Golden Finger team puts natural interfaces first, developing standards far beyond industry average. This assures ASUS provides the most comfortable and responsive experiences in every application and at all times. The X Series has a large touchpad equipped with Smart Gesture technology for quick and precise response across a wide range of touch inputs. The ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard is designed to provide you the most comfortable typing experience.
Multi-touch made easy The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures.
Multi-touch made easy
The X Series' multi-point touchpad comes with Smart Gesture technology that offers finger-tip natural computing. It delivers naturally simple but intricate interaction, with scrolling and right clicking for access to advanced functions without a mouse. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap that simulate Windows 8 touchscreen functions. The touchpad is in ratio as the display for more precise pointer control and we've made it large to leave plenty of room to use Windows 8 gestures.
An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing.
An ergonomic seamless one-piece keyboard
The back-assembled, seamless one-piece keyboard prevents key float to provide you with a comfortable and assured typing experience. The ergonomically crafted Chiclet keyboard design spaces out the keys to provide an improved layout that ensures typing accuracy. Each individual key has been expertly tuned to ASUS's Golden Ratio of keyboard force and stroke to increase key responsiveness for faster typing. These details add up to reduce user fatigue even after prolonged periods of typing.
Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage.
Incredible Cloud Access your data and files anytime, anywhere
Incredible
Cloud
Access your data and files anytime, anywhere
ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. ASUS X Series comes with free ASUS WebStorage.
IN SEARCH OF INCREDIBLE
F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs
F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs
F555UA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs
F555UA
15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5, and i7 processor, 8GB RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 520, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI, and a weight of 5.07 lbs
X555YA 15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs
X555YA
15.6 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home/Professional, AMD® APU A6-7310/A4-7210/E1-7010 Processor, 2GB/4GB RAM, AMD R4/R3/R2 graphics built in, up to 2TB storage, and a weight of 4.85 lbs
F555LA 15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs
F555LA
15.6 HD display, with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i7 processor, 8GB SD RAM, Integrated Intel® HD graphics 4400, 500GB storage, VGA web camera, Bluetooth, HDMI and a weight of 5.07 lbs
Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets.
PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice.
Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up
Want More?
ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up
ASUS ROG
Powered By ASUS
Rebate Center
ASUS Advantage
Deal Registration
Become a Reseller
Insider´s Edge
Edge Up
Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room
Who We Are
Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room
Where to buy
Awards
Latest News
About ASUS
Investor Relations
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers
Press Room
Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory
Need Help?
Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory
Contact Us
ASUS Store
Commercial Support
Product Registration
Security Advisory
Community
United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
United States / English
English
Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use Notice
Privacy Policy
©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
