
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store ASUS recommends Windows. ROG G750JZ Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops Shop Share Modal header Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes. ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store
Products What´s New Commercial Support Store
Products
What´s New
Commercial
Support
Store
LOGIN ASUS Account Logout Message Center Display all
LOGIN ASUS Account Logout
LOGIN
ASUS Account Logout
ASUS Account
Logout
Message Center Display all
Message Center
Display all
Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education Support Consumer Commercial Store
Products Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Products
Phones Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Tablets Motherboards Graphics Cards Wearable Desktop & All-in-One PCs Display Networking Sound Home & Automobile Peripheral Gaming
Phones
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs
Tablets
Motherboards
Graphics Cards
Wearable
Desktop & All-in-One PCs
Display
Networking
Sound
Home & Automobile
Peripheral
Gaming
Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Phones Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more
Phones
Phones ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
Phones
ZenFone ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
ZenFone
ZenFone Deluxe - PC-Grade performance
ZenFone 2 Laser - 0.03s Laser Auto-Focus
Phone Accessories ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast
Phone Accessories
ZenWatch Power Banks Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Headphones & Headsets Miracast
ZenWatch
Power Banks
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Screen Protectors
Headphones & Headsets
Miracast
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design. Learn more
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL)
ZenFone 3 Deluxe (ZS570KL) debuts several meaningful world firsts. It is the world's first smartphone with an aluminum alloy unibody featuring an invisible-antenna design.
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series 2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible) Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more
Notebooks & 2-in-1 PCs
Notebooks ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series
Notebooks
ZenBook Series Republic Of Gamers K Series X Series E Series Chromebooks V Series F Series
ZenBook Series
Republic Of Gamers
K Series
X Series
E Series
Chromebooks
V Series
F Series
2-in-1 PCs Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible)
2-in-1 PCs
Transformer Book series (Detachable) Transformer Book series (Convertible)
Transformer Book series (Detachable)
Transformer Book series (Convertible)
Notebook Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks
Notebook Accessories
Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Stylus Docks
Adapters
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Stylus
Docks
ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance. Learn more
ZenBook 3 (UX390UA)
The world's most prestigious laptop with unprecedented performance.
Tablets Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more
Tablets
Tablets ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad
Tablets
ZenPad Transformer Pad Vivo Tab Nexus MeMO Pad
ZenPad
Transformer Pad
Vivo Tab
Nexus
MeMO Pad
Tablet Accessories Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast
Tablet Accessories
Adapters Cases, Covers & Sleeves Screen Protectors Keyboards Docks Stylus Miracast
Adapters
Cases, Covers & Sleeves
Screen Protectors
Keyboards
Docks
Stylus
Miracast
ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)? Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance. Learn more
ZenPad 3S 10 ?(Z500M)?
Cinematic entertainment, supercharged performance.
Motherboards Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform Motherboard Accessories X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more
Motherboards
Motherboards ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform
Motherboards
ASUS Signature ROG - Republic of Gamers Pro Gaming TUF-24/7 Durability Commercial Workstation Intel platform AMD platform
ASUS Signature
ROG - Republic of Gamers
Pro Gaming
TUF-24/7 Durability
Commercial
Workstation
Intel platform
AMD platform
Motherboard Accessories
X99-DELUXE II Awaken True Performance Learn more
X99-DELUXE II
Awaken True Performance
Graphics Cards Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more
Graphics Cards
Graphics Cards AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series
Graphics Cards
AMD Series NVIDIA Series ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking STRIX Series
AMD Series
NVIDIA Series
ROG Premium-Gaming Overclocking
STRIX Series
Graphics Card Accessories SLI Bridge
Graphics Card Accessories
SLI Bridge
GTX 1080 Founders Edition ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience Learn more
GTX 1080 Founders Edition
ASUS GeForce® GTX 1080 Founders Edition delivers the most advanced gaming experience
Wearable ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more
Wearable
ZenWatch
ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q) Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles Learn more
ASUS ZenWatch 2 (WI501Q)
Time-Honored Craftsmanship, Infinite Styles
Desktop & All-in-One PCs Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini Stick PCs Stick PCs Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more
Desktop & All-in-One PCs
Tower PCs VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series
Tower PCs
VivoPC series ROG series Gaming series
VivoPC series
ROG series
Gaming series
Mini PCs VivoPC VivoMini
Mini PCs
VivoPC VivoMini
VivoPC
VivoMini
Stick PCs Stick PCs
Stick PCs
Chrome Devices Chromebox Chromebit
Chrome Devices
Chromebox Chromebit
Chromebox
Chromebit
All-in-One PCs Zen AiO Vivo AiO
All-in-One PCs
Zen AiO Vivo AiO
Zen AiO
Vivo AiO
Zen AiO ZN240IC The Art of Performance Learn more
Zen AiO ZN240IC
The Art of Performance
Display Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More… Projectors PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more
Display
Monitors 4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More…
Monitors
4K UHD Professional Gaming Wide-Viewing Portable Eye Care More…
4K UHD
Professional
Gaming
Wide-Viewing
Portable
Eye Care
More…
Projectors
PG348Q This is the Curve You’re Looking For Learn more
PG348Q
This is the Curve You’re Looking For
Networking Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more
Networking
Networking Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters
Networking
Wireless Routers Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges Wireless Adapters
Wireless Routers
Wireless AP/Range Extender/Bridges
Wireless Adapters
RT-AC88U Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router Learn more
RT-AC88U
Dual-Band Wireless-AC3100 Gigabit Router
Sound Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more
Sound
Essence Hi-Fi Audio Sound Cards
Essence Hi-Fi Audio
Sound Cards
Sound Cards Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment
Sound Cards
Essence Hi-Fi Series STRIX Gaming Series Gaming Entertainment
Essence Hi-Fi Series
STRIX Gaming Series
Gaming
Entertainment
Headphones & Headsets ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series
Headphones & Headsets
ROG Gaming Series Gaming STRIX Gaming Series
ROG Gaming Series
Gaming
STRIX Gaming Series
STRIX PRO Headset A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility. Learn more
STRIX PRO Headset
A gaming headset that boasts 60mm neodymium-magnet drivers, 90% environmental-noise cancellation, and PC, Mac, PS4, and smart-device compatibility.
Home & Automobile Home Entertainment Android TV Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more
Home & Automobile
Home Entertainment Android TV
Home Entertainment
Android TV
Nexus Player Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you Learn more
Nexus Player
Nexus Player ™ : Entertainment tailored for you
Peripheral Computer Bags Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage Docks ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more
Peripheral
Computer Bags
Keyboards & Mice Keyboards Mice Mousepads
Keyboards & Mice
Keyboards Mice Mousepads
Keyboards
Mice
Mousepads
Optical Drives & Storage External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage
Optical Drives & Storage
External Bluray Drive External Slim DVD Drive Internal Blu-ray Drive Internal DVD Drive Storage
External Bluray Drive
External Slim DVD Drive
Internal Blu-ray Drive
Internal DVD Drive
Storage
Docks
ROG Sica Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance. Learn more
ROG Sica
Compact ambidextrous mouse with enhanced click resistance.
Gaming ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
Gaming
ROG - Republic Of Gamers Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads
ROG - Republic Of Gamers
Notebooks Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Headsets Mice Mousepads
Notebooks
Desktops
Motherboards
Graphics Cards
Monitors
Headsets
Mice
Mousepads
ROG STRIX GL502VS Compact and Potent Learn more
ROG STRIX GL502VS
Compact and Potent
What´s New Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside
What´s New
Your ZenBook. Your Moment. Shop and compare ROG laptops Enter the ROG Arena
Your ZenBook. Your Moment.
Shop and compare ROG laptops
Enter the ROG Arena
Light ´em Up MyZen - news, tricks and tips Powered by ASUS
Light ´em Up
MyZen - news, tricks and tips
Powered by ASUS
Join the Republic Oculus Ready PCs ASUS From the Inside
Join the Republic
Oculus Ready PCs
ASUS From the Inside
Commercial Products Business Type Industry Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education
Commercial
Products Business Type Industry
Products
Business Type
Industry
Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business Industry Education
Products Projectors Notebooks All-in-One PCs Monitors Servers & Workstations Desktops
Products
Projectors
Notebooks
All-in-One PCs
Monitors
Servers & Workstations
Desktops
Business Type Small & Mid-size Business Enterprise & Large Business SOHO Micro Business
Business Type
Small & Mid-size Business
Enterprise & Large Business
SOHO Micro Business
Industry Education
Industry
Education
Support Consumer Commercial
Support
Consumer Commercial
Consumer
Commercial
Store
ASUS recommends Windows. ROG G750JZ Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops Shop Share Modal header Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes. ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
ASUS recommends Windows. ROG G750JZ Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy
ASUS recommends Windows.
ROG G750JZ
Overview Specifications Gallery Review Support Successful Case Where to buy
Overview
Specifications
Gallery
Review
Support
Successful Case
Where to buy
Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops Shop Share Modal header Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes. ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops Shop Share Modal header Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes. ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops Shop
Break the Barriers – Experience the overclockable 17” gaming laptop
Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game. The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops
Awe-inspiring speed with 4th-gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor and NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX880M graphics
Dual independent intelligent fans and copper heatsinks for maximum efficiency and minimum noise
ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard ensure optimized, powerful audio for any kind of game.
The no-compromise long-travel keyboard is simply the finest ever seen on a gaming laptops
Shop
Share
Modal header
Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes. ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date. Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy. Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking. Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back! Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks. Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes.
Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away. Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty. Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool. Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers. The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date.
Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away.
Gamer Centric Design Gorgeous gaming power
Gamer Centric Design
Gorgeous gaming power
G750 is even slimmer and more gamer-centric than previous G Series notebooks, which is saying a lot. It meets your gaming needs as the ultimate weapon in any gameplay genre, making you a better gamer and a mightier ally to your teammates. Once more, the eye-catching design draws inspiration from stealth fighters, presenting an ergonomically-inclined surface for greater comfort during long gaming sessions. To better keep in touch with your co-op partners and everyone else, there's an HD camera, while a range of exclusive accessories complete your gaming experiences for more thrills at home and away.
Stealthy appeal redesigned Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty.
Stealthy appeal redesigned
Welcome to the ongoing stealth revolution! G750 retains the design that has made ROG G Series gaming notebooks icons of cool power since 2010, getting its inspiration from the F22 stealth fighter. Sleekly aggressive flowing lines and panels combine with massive rear-venting dual exhausts that double as a dramatic visual touch and highly effective thermal architecture. The powerful stance is directly derived from G Series predecessors, but this time it's even slimmer, with a sharp front-end. One major difference is the solid aluminum palm rests on an ergonomic gamer-friendly inclined surface. Great to the touch and resisting heat build-up, these keep you gaming in comfort even during the most extended tours of duty.
Inclined to be comfortable Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool.
Inclined to be comfortable
Gaming over long periods demands much from gamer and machine, but with G750, that's not a hurdle. The angled surface has been researched and tested to ensure you maintain top skills for the duration. Unlike flat surfaces, G750's ergonomic keyboard angling goes easy on your hands and wrists, eliminating fatigue so you can go on having fun. Don't let that much-anticipated gaming session go wasted: G750 has you covered with just the right inclination plus aluminum palm rests that prevent sweaty wrist syndrome. With G750, always focus on your game and never let discomfort pull you away from great times. And of course it's a gorgeous show-off machine everyone will flock to, with the illuminated ROG logo on the cover serving as a beacon of cool.
Easier on eyes and looking great Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers.
Easier on eyes and looking great
Wide viewing angles of up to 140° mean more directions from which to behold the spectacular visuals G750 delivers. Share the screen with other people and demo your gaming prowess with no fade or color wash if seen from the side. The screen also features matte anti-glare coating to eliminate annoying reflections, and looks great in all light conditions. That translates into no eye strain and yet again more comfort for gamers.
The key to gaming is optimized input G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date.
The key to gaming is optimized input
G750 uses a full-size one-piece keyboard tailored to PC gaming. Its construction assures strength, so even if you're an intense gamer, the keyboard can handle it while remaining absolutely responsive. It blends seamlessly with the notebook, minimizing dust accumulation around and underneath keys. Variable keyboard backlighting serves a dual purpose: it looks great, standing out starkly in the dark, and is an aid to continued gaming after lights-out. Want to keep playing without disturbing others? Keyboard backlighting! You also get a complete numeric keypad and isolated directional keys, plus longer key travel distance to make sure response is smooth and accurate. Tough, attractive, and totally comfortable, this is the finest keyboard on any gaming notebook to date.
Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience! New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere! ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters. Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise. High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy.
Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience!
Extreme Performance Gaming-grade power
Extreme Performance
Gaming-grade power
Enjoy desktop-level performance with a pumped 4th-generation Intel® Core™ i7-4700 processor and gaming-grade NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics, with ASUS TurboMaster technology for the ultimate gaming experience!
New generation at heart G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience
New generation at heart
G750 leverages the advanced technology and power offered by 4th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, which far outpace previous-generation performance. Fast and thermally efficient, the latest high-end processors from Intel™ open up smooth gaming and multitasking while helping extend battery life. Smart technologies embedded in the new processors lead to extra short boot times, reduced load waits, and a host of other great features that culminate in a vastly improved user experience
Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance! With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere!
Awe-inspiring 3D performance — over 8,600 3DMark 11 performance!
With NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880 discrete GPUs, G750 is an awesome performer. The new NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 880M graphics helps give G750 a 3DMark 11 score of over 8,600, outperforming previous G-Series notebooks by up to 15%. And that's not all — NVIDIA ShadowPlay™ lets you record and share your best gameplay, automatically. Battery life problems are reduced thanks to NVIDIA Battery Boost, which gives you up to twice the gaming time. G750 is built to win — anytime, anywhere!
ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters.
ASUS TurboMaster for ultimate graphics performance
ASUS TurboMaster technology, which includes ROG-exclusive GPU Tweak software and upgraded component design, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. It supports real-time overclocking — over 5% — for the G750's discrete NVIDIA® GTX 800 Series GPUs. It is specially designed for simple and safe overclocking, even for long periods, giving you the gaming edge when it matters.
Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise.
Incredibly powerful, and incredibly cool
Heat is the serious gamer's worst enemy, as it can cause unreliability and performance degradation — but not in the G750. Its intelligent cooling system uses dual independent fans and copper heatsinks, guaranteeing stability even when overclocking. Both the CPU and GPU are independently cooled according to their needs, and the GPU has three directly-connected heatpipes that draw heat to the dedicated GPU fan, giving maximum cooling efficiency with minimum noise.
High performance storage Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy.
High performance storage
Solid state storage on G750 accelerates data access, resulting in a faster and more responsive system. SSDs are also more reliable and longer-lasting than mechanical hard drives, and by installing the operating system on solid state, G750 shortens annoying game loading times. For large capacity storage that has enough room for your game and multimedia libraries and then some, G750 includes a hefty SATA 6Gb/s hard drive up to 1.5TB and configured in RAID 0, so you tap speed and space in one neat hybrid design that's fast and sturdy.
Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience. The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond. Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game. Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking.
Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience.
Gamer-Centric Interfaces Everything you need for incredible gaming
Gamer-Centric Interfaces
Everything you need for incredible gaming
Great gaming demands the fastest interfaces and the best displays, and G750 has been built to deliver nothing but the best. Its onboard Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection, while the Killer Wireless-N 1202 chip delivers blazingly-fast and stable wireless networking. G750 supports next-generation 4K Ultra High Definition (4K/UDH) displays for incredible levels of detail, and with ASUS Trinity display technology you can connect up to three displays simultaneously for a truly incredible experience.
The fastest connections As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond.
The fastest connections
As befits a notebook dedicated to blisteringly-quick performance, G750 includes Intel® Thunderbolt™ technology. This new standard delivers data and graphics via one connection and cable at up to 10Gbit/s, which is roughly double the bandwidth of USB 3.0. With more external devices beginning to implement Thunderbolt™, you can count on your G750 to become a hub for content and data that moves quicker than ever, including really large multimedia files, high definition video and sound, and much more. ROG always means the fastest – gaming and beyond.
Faster networking for online gaming ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game.
Faster networking for online gaming
ASUS G750JZ includes exclusive wireless technology in the form of Killer™ Wireless-N 1202. Wireless-N 1202 is a dual-band (2.4 and 5GHz), dual-stream MIMO, 802.11a/b/g/n adapter that delivers fasts data-transfer speeds of up to 300Mbits/s. With built-in Bluetooth, Wi-Fi Direct™ technology for direct (peer-to-peer) connections and Advanced Stream Detect™ technology that intelligently prioritizes game-related traffic, Killer Wireless-N 1202 keeps you ahead of the game.
Four times more detail. Endless excitement. The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience.
Four times more detail. Endless excitement.
The HDMI 1.4 port on G750JZ adds support for extremely high video resolutions that go far beyond today's 1080p systems. Staying true to its commitment to future-readiness, the G750JZ can now support 4K/UHD LCD displays with the extremely high bandwidth these require. When you're playing games, you will have a breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience.
Expand your viewing horizons Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking.
Expand your viewing horizons
Trinity Display technology is an innovative and exclusive ASUS ROG design that allows gamers to output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. As well as for gaming, Trinity Display is great for watching movies and multitasking.
Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers. Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres. Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun. Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook! Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back!
Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers.
Majestic Sound Spectacle of sound
Majestic Sound
Spectacle of sound
Where many gaming notebooks treat sound as an afterthought, G750 puts it front and center. It features exclusive ASUS SonicMaster and ROG AudioWizard, designed by a dedicated team of audio engineers as a careful balance of hardware and software towards the best notebook sound. Sure, with G750 your games look their best, but they also sound fantastic. Every effect and note comes out with increased power, range, and clarity. This is more than enjoyment: as any gamer knows, sound is critical to success play, giving you the edge with sonic awareness and positioning. G750 integrates the latest design, with features specifically created for gaming and gamers.
Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers. DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
Mastering audio for games and more Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers.
Mastering audio for games and more
Developed by the ASUS Golden Ear team, exclusive SonicMaster sound technology was created with the clear goal of achieving the best sound on notebook PC. In that, it's been a resounding success, and keeps getting better. SonicMaster comprises bigger speakers and larger resonance chambers to deliver more powerful sound and deeper bass. It also uses software fine-tuning of audio output, adapting to diverse applications and usage types. Whatever your sound, SonicMaster on G750 will make it better, richer, and more detailed – whether you prefer listening on headphones or speakers.
DISTINCT VOCALS TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND WIDE RANGE POWERFUL OUTPUT CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
DISTINCT VOCALS
TRUE-TO-LIFE-SURROUND
WIDE RANGE
POWERFUL OUTPUT
CRYSTAL-CLEAR SOUND
DEEPER AND RICHER BASS
Perfect sound for any application The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres.
Perfect sound for any application
The bundled ROG AudioWizard utility is an easy-to-use and intuitive tool that allows users to create customized sound setting profiles. These can then be activated at any time for use in any application. ROG AudioWizard also includes five preset audio modes specially optimized for different game and entertainment genres.
Now with MaxxAudio Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun.
Now with MaxxAudio
Professional MaxxAudio sound processing tools infuse G750 with another layer of cool sonic detail. The intuitive and friendly MaxxAudio interface helps you take charge of what your G750 sounds like, with flexible settings for different needs. You could also opt to use one of five audio modes based on content or application. In all cases, tuning sound is quick, easy, and fun.
Bass like no other G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook!
Bass like no other
G750JZ features Bass Eye, an internal subwoofer — located under the notebook — that is perfectly balanced with G750's audio system to add impressive bass response for maximum sonic impact. Games have never sounded so good on a notebook!
Lined up for better voice G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back!
Lined up for better voice
G750 holds the secret to superb voice quality when talking to other people online. It's an array microphone that far exceeds the performance of generic single-microphone designs. This is vital when communicating with teammates during multiplayer engagements, but is just as great to have for chatting and doing VoIP with family and friends. The microphones are designed to filter out ambient noise, which means that even if you're at a LAN party or some other loud event, your voice still carries true. So speak up and don't hold back!
Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously. Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time. Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks.
Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously.
Incredible Cloud Store, share, and sync
Incredible Cloud
Store, share, and sync
ASUS cloud services provide the most complete platform for online living that's accessible anywhere from a host of devices. With ASUS WebStorage, convenience is the main priority, offering you easy storage, sharing, and syncing of everything from business presentations to photo albums and favorite multimedia content. Each ASUS ROG G750 comes with free WebStorage space, and features the MyBitCast app so you can easily sync your content to multiple devices and accounts simultaneously.
Sync and share the easy way ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time.
Sync and share the easy way
ASUS WebStorage means your personal stuff is always with you on any internet-connected device — Notebook or desktop, smartphone or tablet. Keep files in sync automatically, share photos and video online with family and friends, and save valuable onboard storage space by streaming music and movies wirelessly. ROG G56 hcomes with 32 GB of free lifetime WebStorage and you can add more at any time.
Faster networking for online gaming ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks.
Faster networking for online gaming
ROG G series notebooks represent the pinnacle of gaming control, cooling and performance. The latest 4th generation Intel® Core processors, intelligent airflow design, backlit keyboards with clustered directional keys and designs inspired by the low-profile lines of sleek stealth aircraft create an incredible combination – and formidable gaming notebooks.
Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect. ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips. ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design. ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes.
Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect.
Accessories ROG PC Gaming Accessories
Accessories
ROG PC Gaming Accessories
Maximize your game with Republic of Gamers accessories. Grab your GX gaming mouse, throw it in your durable ROG backpack along with your G series notebook, and then hit the road to a friends' house, LAN event or anywhere on your travels. ROG Accessories empower your everyday gaming with the right features, best precision and the quality you expect.
ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips.
ROG GX1000 ‘Eagle Eye' Gaming Mouse
The ROG GX1000 gaming mouse was crafted with its high precision laser sensors capable of up to 8200dpi, and PTFE feet for effortless surface gliding for only one purpose: attain gaming superiority. The ergonomic ROG GX1000 gives you the best hand comfort to stop fatigue and the instant customizable dpi switching and indication, plus six programmable macros, are at your fingertips.
ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design.
ROG Nomad Laptop Backpack
ROG Nomad is a backpack that's truly built for gamers. Lightweight, rugged and stylish, the Nomad can carry up to a 17-inch notebook, while its internal suspension system keeps your precious cargo safe when you're on the move. Generous shoulder padding lets you carry a heavy pack in comfort, but you won't work up a sweat before you get your game on thanks to its ventilated design.
ROG Orion PRO gaming headset ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes.
ROG Orion PRO gaming headset
ROG Orion PRO gaming headset has been designed for win-focused gamers. Their 50mm neodymium drivers are fine-tuned to produce high quality, dynamic audio positioning while large 100mm over-ear cushions generate greater comfort over prolonged gaming sessions. Orion PRO offers gamers the exclusive ROG Spitfire USB audio processor, which features one-click FPS EQ, 7.1 virtual surround, and headphone amplifier modes.
ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752 ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752
ROG G771JW Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming
ROG G771JW
Unleashed Power to Redefine Gaming
ROG G752VS The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752
ROG G752VS
The most powerful gaming laptop with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 – the G752
ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs. ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
ROG STRIX GL502VY 15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs.
ROG STRIX GL502VY
15.6 inch UHD/FHD anti-glare display with Windows Home/Pro, Intel® Core™ i7, up to 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M with 4GB/8GB VRAM, optional SSD, illuminated keyboard, and a weight of 4.9 lbs.
ROG GL752VW 17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
ROG GL752VW
17.3 inch HD/FHD display with Windows 10 Home, Intel® Core™ i5 and I7, up to 32GB RAM, Intel HD graphics 530 or NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M, illuminated keyboard, optional SSD, and a weight of 6.6 lbs.
All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets. PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice. Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
All specifications are subject to change without notice. Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Products may not be available in all markets.
PCB color and bundled software versions are subject to change without notice.
Brand and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies.
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory Community
Want More? ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up
Want More?
ASUS ROG Powered By ASUS Rebate Center ASUS Advantage Deal Registration Become a Reseller Insider´s Edge Edge Up
ASUS ROG
Powered By ASUS
Rebate Center
ASUS Advantage
Deal Registration
Become a Reseller
Insider´s Edge
Edge Up
Who We Are Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room
Who We Are
Where to buy Awards Latest News About ASUS Investor Relations Corporate Social Responsibility Careers Press Room
Where to buy
Awards
Latest News
About ASUS
Investor Relations
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers
Press Room
Need Help? Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory
Need Help?
Contact Us ASUS Store Commercial Support Product Registration Security Advisory
Contact Us
ASUS Store
Commercial Support
Product Registration
Security Advisory
Community
United States / English Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
United States / English
English
Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use Notice
Privacy Policy
©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved.
