
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. [+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  MSI >  Item#:  9SIA1CZ4CR5901 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi LOADING... MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927) Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to:
Content
|
Footer
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.
If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.
Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button).
click this link
email us
Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly.
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
[+] Feedback
[+]
Feedback
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
/
Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
Shipping Destination: United States
United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore
United States
Australia
United Kingdom
India
Ireland
Netherlands
New Zealand
Poland
Singapore
United States
$ USD $ USD
$ USD
Update
Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
Try
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!
Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
Free 30-Day Trial
Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Expedited Shipping
Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.
Share Benefits
Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.
Free Returns with No restocking fee
Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.
Dedicated Customer Service
Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Learn More | Sign Up Now
Learn More
Sign Up Now
Wish List
Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Customer Service
Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Track An Order
Find Invoice
Return An Item
Check Return Status
Find Rebates
Customer Help Center
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
All Products
DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
DEALS & SERVICES
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Shell Shocker
The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock!
Email Deals
Our latest email deals.
Daily Deals
New deals everyday!
Marketplace Spotlight
Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.
Outlet
Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Sales Event
Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween
Weekend Sale
Game Like A Pro
Prep for Halloween
What's New
Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Newegg TV
Smart Home
VR Central
Subscription Store
Intel Extreme CPU
ZTE Axon 7
Archer C5400
More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
More at Newegg
Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Premier Membership
Newegg Store Credit Card
GameCrate
Student Store
Gift Cards
Newegg Gift Card
Amex Pay-with-Points
Textbook Store
Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers
Featured Sellers
All Top Sellers
1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
1190
20
7
465
927
18
178
275
97
69
713
301
Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Editor Tested
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone
Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Trending Events
Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK
Home and Automotive Tech Sale
Halloween Styles for Everyone
Radio Controlled Tech Deals
Brands from the UK
For Sellers
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg
Simplify SBN with Freightos
iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
iframe for layout
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys
Search all
Computer Systems
Components
Electronics
Gaming
Networking
Office Solutions
Software & Services
Automotive & Industrial
Home & Tools
Health & Sports
Apparel & Accessories
Hobbies & Toys
Search all
Search
iframe for layout
Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  MSI >  Item#:  9SIA1CZ4CR5901
Home > 
Home
Gaming > 
Gaming
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
MSI > 
MSI
Item#:  9SIA1CZ4CR5901
9SIA1CZ4CR5901
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi LOADING... MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927) Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi LOADING... MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927) Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Back To Combo
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi LOADING... MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.
Open Box:
Skip Image Gallery …
Skip Image Gallery
…
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Share Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Share
Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller
Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
Sold and Shipped by Electronic Express a-seller
Electronic Express
a-seller
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs. DVD Super Multi
GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB
6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4)
17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080
16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" 5.95 lbs.
DVD Super Multi
LOADING...
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Back To Top
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today. Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. 2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORETM i7 PROCESSOR
Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming.
GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance
GREEN
Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both
COMFORT
Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU
SPORT
Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance
INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.
INSANELY POWERFUL
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design.
Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.
DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.
DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT
Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.
2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2 Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s! BENEFITS 2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals
2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2
Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s!
BENEFITS
2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1 20X faster than USB 2.0 Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals
2X faster than USB 3.1 Gen1
20X faster than USB 2.0
Up to 10Gbps data transfer bandwidth
Boost transfer rate for your PC and peripherals
GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.
GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3
Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.
AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.
AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY
See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.
Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies
Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes]
Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies
Increase brightness for gaming
Reduce potential harmful blue light
Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut
Increase clarity for lines and words
Reduce eye-strain after long term use
Optimize contrast for vivid movies
WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment.
WATCH, STREAM AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY
Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment.
TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
TURN IT UP
Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile.
Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer
Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio.
ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR
Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts.
How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio.
NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD
Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile.
Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer.
Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.
STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL.
Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.
SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear.
SILVER LINING PRINT
See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear.
KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.
KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING
Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.
KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.
KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO
Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.
SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today.
SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD
XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today.
Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070 Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs.
Learn more about the MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070
MSI GE72 Apache Pro-070
Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs.
Model | Brand MSI Series GE Series Model GE72 Apache Pro-070 Part Number 9S7-179441-070
Model
|
Brand MSI
Brand
MSI
Series GE Series
Series
GE Series
Model GE72 Apache Pro-070
Model
GE72 Apache Pro-070
Part Number 9S7-179441-070
Part Number
9S7-179441-070
Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Optical Drive DVD Super Multi Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs.
Quick Info
|
Color Aluminum Black
Color
Aluminum Black
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz
CPU
Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz
Screen 17.3"
Screen
17.3"
Memory 16 GB DDR4
Memory
16 GB DDR4
Storage 128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD
Storage
128 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD
Optical Drive DVD Super Multi
Optical Drive
DVD Super Multi
Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M
Graphics Card
GeForce GTX 970M
Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5
Video Memory
3 GB GDDR5
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14"
Weight 5.95 lbs.
Weight
5.95 lbs.
CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU
|
CPU Type Intel Core i7
CPU Type
Intel Core i7
CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
CPU Speed
6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
Number of Cores Quad-core Processor
Number of Cores
Quad-core Processor
Core Name Skylake
Core Name
Skylake
Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz
Turbo Frequency
Up to 3.5 GHz
CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU L3 Cache
6 MB
Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170
Chipset
|
Chipset Intel HM170
Chipset
Intel HM170
Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection
Display
|
Screen Size 17.3"
Screen Size
17.3"
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Wide Screen Support Yes
Wide Screen Support
Yes
Display Type Full HD
Display Type
Full HD
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution
1920 x 1080
LCD Features eDP, Non Reflection
LCD Features
eDP, Non Reflection
Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating Systems
|
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphics
|
GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
GPU/VPU
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
Video Memory 3 GB
Video Memory
3 GB
Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphic Type
Dedicated Card
Hard Drives | SSD 128 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4)
Hard Drives
|
SSD 128 GB
SSD
128 GB
HDD 1 TB
HDD
1 TB
HDD RPM 7200 RPM
HDD RPM
7200 RPM
HDD Interface SATA
HDD Interface
SATA
HDD Spec 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4)
HDD Spec
1 TB SATA 7200 RPM HDD + 128 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4)
Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Memory
|
Memory 16 GB
Memory
16 GB
Memory Speed DDR4 2133
Memory Speed
DDR4 2133
Memory Spec 8 GB x 2
Memory Spec
8 GB x 2
Memory Slot (Total) 2
Memory Slot (Total)
2
Memory Slot (Available) 0
Memory Slot (Available)
0
Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Max Memory Supported
32 GB
Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi
Optical Drive
|
Optical Drive Type DVD Super Multi
Optical Drive Type
DVD Super Multi
Communications | LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Communications
|
LAN Killer E2400 Game Networking
LAN
Killer E2400 Game Networking
WLAN Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1
WLAN
Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3165 Stone Peak 1
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks
Ports
|
USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0
USB
2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 (USB Type C) 1 x USB 2.0
Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort
Video Port
1 x Mini DisplayPort
HDMI 1 x HDMI
HDMI
1 x HDMI
Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks
Audio Ports
Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks
Audio | Audio Nahimic Sound Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1
Audio
|
Audio Nahimic Sound
Audio
Nahimic Sound
Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1
Speaker
Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + Subwoofer x 1
Input Device | Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC / HC)
Input Device
|
Touchpad Multi Touch
Touchpad
Multi Touch
Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining
Keyboard
Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining
Backlit Keyboard Backlit
Backlit Keyboard
Backlit
Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p)
Webcam
FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p)
Card Reader SD (XC / HC)
Card Reader
SD (XC / HC)
General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer
General
|
Style Standard
Style
Standard
Type Gaming & Entertainment
Type
Gaming & Entertainment
Usage Consumer
Usage
Consumer
Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr
Power
|
AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter
AC Adapter
150-watt AC adapter
Battery 6 cell, 51 Whr
Battery
6 cell, 51 Whr
Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14" Weight 5.95 lbs.
Dimensions & Weight
|
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.49" x 11.02" x 1.14"
Weight 5.95 lbs.
Weight
5.95 lbs.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details
Warranty
Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years
Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years
Read full details
Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI
Manufacturer Contact Info
Manufacturer Product Page|
Manufacturer Product Page
|
Website: http://us.msi.com/|
http://us.msi.com/
|
Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828
Support Website|
Support Website
|
View other products from MSI
Return Policies This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy.
Return Policies
This item is covered by Electronic Express Return Policy.
Electronic Express Return Policy
Loading...
Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
Click here for more details.
Loading...
Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927) Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Select options to continue.
Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927) Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare
Sold and Shipped by: Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (927)
Sold and Shipped by:
Electronic Express Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Electronic Express
Ask Electronic Express about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask Electronic Express about:
Electronic Express
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (927)
Rating:4/5
927
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
This product is available at a lower price from other sellers.
other sellers
Add to Compare Add to Wish List
Add to Compare
Add to Wish List
Selected Items Reset Compare
Selected Items
Reset Compare
Reset
Compare
Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping
Best Service Sellers
Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping
Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States.
Mobile Advance
Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (173)
Mobile Advance
Ask Mobile Advance about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask Mobile Advance about:
Mobile Advance
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (173)
Rating:4/5
173
Ships from United States.
PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States.
PC Rush
Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (2,160)
PC Rush
Ask PC Rush about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask PC Rush about:
PC Rush
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (2,160)
Rating:4/5
2,160
Ships from United States.
BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States.
BuyVPC.com
Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (1,022)
BuyVPC.com
Ask BuyVPC.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask BuyVPC.com about:
BuyVPC.com
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (1,022)
Rating:4/5
1,022
Ships from United States.
antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
antonline.com
Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725)
antonline.com
Ask antonline.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask antonline.com about:
antonline.com
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (9,725)
Rating:4/5
9,725
Ships from United States.
NothingButSavings.com Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States.
NothingButSavings.com
Sold and Shipped by: NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
NothingButSavings.com Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (621)
NothingButSavings.com
Ask NothingButSavings.com about: MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask NothingButSavings.com about:
NothingButSavings.com
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI 17.3" GE72 Apache Pro-070 Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 16 GB Memory 128 GB SSD 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (621)
Rating:4/5
621
Ships from United States.
Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1399.0 plus shipping
Are you an E-Blast Insider?  
Are you an E-Blast Insider?
E-Blast Insider
 
Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo
Thank you for subscribing
Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.
Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.
See Today's E-Blast Promo
Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery
Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website
No re-stocking fees
Learn More
Sign-in
Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Condition Guidelines
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty.
New :
Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details.
Refurbished :
Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.
Open Box :
MAY OR MAY NOT
Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category.
Used - Like New :
Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Very Good :
Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Good :
Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Used - Acceptable :
Price Available at Checkout
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan
Shop by Region:
United States Canada China Taiwan
United States
Canada
China
Taiwan
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback
customer service
Customer Help Center
Track an Order
Return an Item
Return Policy
Privacy & Security
Feedback
My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications
My Account
Login/Register
My Dashboard
Order History
Returns History
Address Book
My Newegg
Wish Lists
Newegg Notifications
Newegg Subscriptions
Auto Notifications
Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Company Information
About Newegg
Awards/Rankings
Hours and Locations
Careers
Newsroom
Newegg Blog
Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
Tools & Resources
Shop by Brand
Trade-In
Site Map
Become an Affiliate
Marketplace Sellers
Shipped by Newegg
Mobile Apps
Sell to Newegg
Product Review
Video Center
Rebates
Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Affiliated Sites:
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs
For Business Needs
Newegg Community Newegg Community
Newegg Community
Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
Gaming and Hardware News
Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Google
Pinterest
YouTube
Rss
Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved.
Policy & Agreement
Privacy Policy
A
Close
close window
If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site
