
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. [+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  MSI >  Item#:  N82E16834154104 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs. LOADING... MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to:
Content
|
Footer
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.
If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.
Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button).
click this link
email us
Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly.
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
[+] Feedback
[+]
Feedback
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
/
Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
Shipping Destination: United States
United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore
United States
Australia
United Kingdom
India
Ireland
Netherlands
New Zealand
Poland
Singapore
United States
$ USD $ USD
$ USD
Update
Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
Try
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!
Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
Free 30-Day Trial
Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Expedited Shipping
Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.
Share Benefits
Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.
Free Returns with No restocking fee
Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.
Dedicated Customer Service
Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Learn More | Sign Up Now
Learn More
Sign Up Now
Wish List
Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Customer Service
Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Track An Order
Find Invoice
Return An Item
Check Return Status
Find Rebates
Customer Help Center
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
All Products
DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
DEALS & SERVICES
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Shell Shocker
The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock!
Email Deals
Our latest email deals.
Daily Deals
New deals everyday!
Marketplace Spotlight
Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.
Outlet
Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Sales Event
Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween
Weekend Sale
Game Like A Pro
Prep for Halloween
What's New
Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Newegg TV
Smart Home
VR Central
Subscription Store
Intel Extreme CPU
ZTE Axon 7
Archer C5400
More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
More at Newegg
Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Premier Membership
Newegg Store Credit Card
GameCrate
Student Store
Gift Cards
Newegg Gift Card
Amex Pay-with-Points
Textbook Store
Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers
Featured Sellers
All Top Sellers
1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
1190
20
7
465
927
18
178
275
97
69
713
301
Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Editor Tested
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone
Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Trending Events
Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK
Home and Automotive Tech Sale
Halloween Styles for Everyone
Radio Controlled Tech Deals
Brands from the UK
For Sellers
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg
Simplify SBN with Freightos
iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
iframe for layout
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys
Search all
Computer Systems
Components
Electronics
Gaming
Networking
Office Solutions
Software & Services
Automotive & Industrial
Home & Tools
Health & Sports
Apparel & Accessories
Hobbies & Toys
Search all
Search
iframe for layout
Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  MSI >  Item#:  N82E16834154104
Home > 
Home
Gaming > 
Gaming
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
MSI > 
MSI
Item#:  N82E16834154104
N82E16834154104
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs. LOADING... MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs. LOADING... MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Back To Combo
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs. LOADING... MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs.
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.
Open Box:
Skip Image Gallery …
Skip Image Gallery
…
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs.
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6
Share
Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller
Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by Newegg
Newegg
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4) 17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs.
GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB
6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD(PCIE Gen3x4)
17.3" UHD 3840 x 2160
16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" 5.70 lbs.
LOADING...
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Ships from United States.
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6
Ships from United States.
Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Back To Top
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay. Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming. GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments. PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level. Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current). GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming. INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook. AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display. Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment. TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio. NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers. STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming.
LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR
Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new intel 6th Generation Core® i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming.
GREEN Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both COMFORT Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU SPORT Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance
GREEN
Enables lowest power consumption of both CPU and GPU while maintaining coolest constant temperatures for both
COMFORT
Enables enough power consumption of the GPU while maintaining comfortable temperatures of the GPU
SPORT
Enables max power consumption of both CPU and GPU for extreme performance
INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.
INSANELY POWERFUL
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 900M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Being the first mobile graphics solution to reach a score over 10,000 in 3DMark11*, the GeForce GTX 980M delivers desktop gaming performance in a portable design. Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.
PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's.
PCI-E Gen 3 SSD - Go from 0 to 100 in Seconds
Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3 x4 M.2 SSD with NVMe technology. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's.
DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.
DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT
Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.
Thunderbolt 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current).
Thunderbolt 3
Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current).
GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.
GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3
Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.
INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook.
INTENSE UHD 4K IPS DISPLAY
More pixels, sharper images, and vibrant colors. The high resolution WQHD+ 4K Display takes your gaming experience to new levels with a max resolution of up to 3840x2160, providing unprecedented visuals in the lightest, form factor gaming notebook.
AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.
AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY
See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.
Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes] Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies
Select from multiple viewing modes to control color balance, gamma adjustment, and gamut mapping, pre-calibrated for the best viewing experience: [Select multiple viewing modes]
Increase brightness for gaming Reduce potential harmful blue light Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut Increase clarity for lines and words Reduce eye-strain after long term use Optimize contrast for vivid movies
Increase brightness for gaming
Reduce potential harmful blue light
Set screen to 100% sRGB of color gamut
Increase clarity for lines and words
Reduce eye-strain after long term use
Optimize contrast for vivid movies
WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment.
WATCH, STREAM, AND PLAY SIMULTANEOUSLY
Do everything, all at once with MSI’s Matrix Display technology, supporting multiple external displays so you can multi-task like a pro via HDMI and mini-Display Ports. Stream on Twitch or watch your favorite shows while playing your games, whatever it is you do, you’ll never miss another moment.
TURN IT UP Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
TURN IT UP
Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile.
Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer
Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts. How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio.
ESS SABRE HiFi AUDIO DAC - EVOLVE THE WAY YOU HEAR
Push the limits of your audio peripherals and hear the difference when you jack into the SABRE Audio DAC. Discover new details that you've been missing or maintain the upper-hand in competitive FPS matches where every bit of sound counts.
How we hear is changing. Just like how we see our games has changed over the years with higher resolutions and better graphics. Audio is evolving the same way and we've implemented the next stage of that evolution with SABRE Hi-Fi audio.
NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile. Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer. Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD
Fill the room and feel the bass with Dynaudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile.
Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer.
Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.
STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL. Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.
STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL.
Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.
SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear.
SILVER LINING PRINT
See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear.
KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.
KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING
Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.
KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.
KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO
Don't let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.
Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs.
Learn more about the MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202
MSI GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202
Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202 Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1 Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC) General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs.
Model | Brand MSI Series GS Series Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Part Number 9S7-177514-202
Model
|
Brand MSI
Brand
MSI
Series GS Series
Series
GS Series
Model GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202
Model
GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202
Part Number 9S7-177514-202
Part Number
9S7-177514-202
Quick Info | Color Aluminum Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs.
Quick Info
|
Color Aluminum Black
Color
Aluminum Black
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language
CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz
CPU
Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz
Screen 17.3"
Screen
17.3"
Memory 16 GB DDR4
Memory
16 GB DDR4
Storage 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD
Storage
256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD
Graphics Card GeForce GTX 970M
Graphics Card
GeForce GTX 970M
Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5
Video Memory
3 GB GDDR5
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78"
Weight 5.70 lbs.
Weight
5.70 lbs.
CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU
|
CPU Type Intel Core i7
CPU Type
Intel Core i7
CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
CPU Speed
6700HQ (2.60 GHz)
Number of Cores Quad-core Processor
Number of Cores
Quad-core Processor
Core Name Skylake
Core Name
Skylake
Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz
Turbo Frequency
Up to 3.5 GHz
CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU L3 Cache
6 MB
Chipset | Chipset Intel HM170
Chipset
|
Chipset Intel HM170
Chipset
Intel HM170
Display | Screen Size 17.3" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type UHD Resolution 3840 x 2160 LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level
Display
|
Screen Size 17.3"
Screen Size
17.3"
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Wide Screen Support Yes
Wide Screen Support
Yes
Display Type UHD
Display Type
UHD
Resolution 3840 x 2160
Resolution
3840 x 2160
LCD Features Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level
LCD Features
Anti-Glare eDP IPS-Level
Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language
Operating Systems
|
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Multi-language
Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5 Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphics
|
GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
GPU/VPU
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
Video Memory Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5
Video Memory
Dedicated 3 GB GDDR5
Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphic Type
Dedicated Card
Hard Drives | SSD 256 GB HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM HDD Interface SATA HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM
Hard Drives
|
SSD 256 GB
SSD
256 GB
HDD 1 TB
HDD
1 TB
HDD RPM 7200 RPM
HDD RPM
7200 RPM
HDD Interface SATA
HDD Interface
SATA
HDD Spec 256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM
HDD Spec
256 GB SSD (PCIE Gen3x4) + 1 TB SATA 7200 RPM
Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Memory Slot (Available) 0 Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Memory
|
Memory 16 GB
Memory
16 GB
Memory Speed DDR4 2133
Memory Speed
DDR4 2133
Memory Spec 8 GB x 2
Memory Spec
8 GB x 2
Memory Slot (Total) 2
Memory Slot (Total)
2
Memory Slot (Available) 0
Memory Slot (Available)
0
Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Max Memory Supported
32 GB
Communications | LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1
Communications
|
LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400
LAN
Killer Gaming Network E2400
WLAN Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac)
WLAN
Killer N1525 Combo (2 x 2 ac)
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.1
Ports | USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0 Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack
Ports
|
USB 2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0
USB
2 x USB 3.1 2 x USB 3.0
Video Port 2 x Mini DisplayPorts
Video Port
2 x Mini DisplayPorts
HDMI 1 x HDMI
HDMI
1 x HDMI
Audio Ports 1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack
Audio Ports
1 x Microphone Jack, 1 x Headphone Jack
Audio | Audio ESS Sabre HiFi Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1
Audio
|
Audio ESS Sabre HiFi
Audio
ESS Sabre HiFi
Speaker Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1
Speaker
Dynaudio Tech Speakers x 4 + woofer x 1
Input Device | Touchpad Click Pad Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p) Card Reader SD (XC/HC)
Input Device
|
Touchpad Click Pad
Touchpad
Click Pad
Keyboard Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining
Keyboard
Steel Series Full-color backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining
Backlit Keyboard Backlit
Backlit Keyboard
Backlit
Webcam FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p)
Webcam
FHD type (30 fps @ 1080p)
Card Reader SD (XC/HC)
Card Reader
SD (XC/HC)
General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer
General
|
Style Standard
Style
Standard
Type Gaming & Entertainment
Type
Gaming & Entertainment
Usage Consumer
Usage
Consumer
Power | AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr
Power
|
AC Adapter 150-watt AC adapter
AC Adapter
150-watt AC adapter
Battery 6 cell, 55 Whr
Battery
6 cell, 55 Whr
Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78" Weight 5.70 lbs.
Dimensions & Weight
|
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.47" x 11.29" x 0.78"
Weight 5.70 lbs.
Weight
5.70 lbs.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details
Warranty
Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years
Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years
Read full details
Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI
Manufacturer Contact Info
Manufacturer Product Page|
Manufacturer Product Page
|
Website: http://us.msi.com/|
http://us.msi.com/
|
Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828
Support Website|
Support Website
|
View other products from MSI
Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Return Policies
Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days
Return for refund within: 30 days
Return for replacement within: 30 days
This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Standard Return Policy
Loading...
Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
Click here for more details.
Loading...
Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Best Service Sellers buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Select options to continue.
Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form
Sold and Shipped by: Newegg
Newegg
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
Add to Compare Add to Wish List
Add to Compare
Add to Wish List
Selected Items Reset Compare
Selected Items
Reset Compare
Reset
Compare
Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 10/31/16. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form
Print Rebate Form
Best Service Sellers buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
Best Service Sellers
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States.
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price!
Sold and Shipped by: buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (10)
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price!
Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price! about:
buyoo-Lowest Trusted Price!
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (10)
Rating:4/5
10
Ships from United States.
antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
antonline.com
Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:4/5 (9,725)
antonline.com
Ask antonline.com about: MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask antonline.com about:
antonline.com
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6 Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
MSI GS Series GS72 Stealth Pro 4K-202 Gaming Laptop 6th Generation Intel Core i7 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 256 GB SSD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 3 GB GDDR5 17.3" 4K screen Windows 10 Home 6
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:4/5 (9,725)
Rating:4/5
9,725
Ships from United States.
Are you an E-Blast Insider?  
Are you an E-Blast Insider?
E-Blast Insider
 
Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo
Thank you for subscribing
Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.
Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.
See Today's E-Blast Promo
Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery
Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website
No re-stocking fees
Learn More
Sign-in
Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Condition Guidelines
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty.
New :
Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details.
Refurbished :
Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.
Open Box :
MAY OR MAY NOT
Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category.
Used - Like New :
Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Very Good :
Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Good :
Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Used - Acceptable :
Price Available at Checkout
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan
Shop by Region:
United States Canada China Taiwan
United States
Canada
China
Taiwan
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback
customer service
Customer Help Center
Track an Order
Return an Item
Return Policy
Privacy & Security
Feedback
My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications
My Account
Login/Register
My Dashboard
Order History
Returns History
Address Book
My Newegg
Wish Lists
Newegg Notifications
Newegg Subscriptions
Auto Notifications
Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Company Information
About Newegg
Awards/Rankings
Hours and Locations
Careers
Newsroom
Newegg Blog
Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
Tools & Resources
Shop by Brand
Trade-In
Site Map
Become an Affiliate
Marketplace Sellers
Shipped by Newegg
Mobile Apps
Sell to Newegg
Product Review
Video Center
Rebates
Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Affiliated Sites:
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs
For Business Needs
Newegg Community Newegg Community
Newegg Community
Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
Gaming and Hardware News
Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Google
Pinterest
YouTube
Rss
Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved.
Policy & Agreement
Privacy Policy
A
Close
close window
If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site
