
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. [+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  ASUS >  Item#:  N82E16834234093 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW LOADING... ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to:
Content
|
Footer
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.
If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.
Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button).
click this link
email us
Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!
If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly.
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
[+] Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
[+] Feedback
[+]
Feedback
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
/ Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
/
Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
Shipping Destination: United States
United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States
United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore
United States
Australia
United Kingdom
India
Ireland
Netherlands
New Zealand
Poland
Singapore
United States
$ USD $ USD
$ USD
Update
Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
Try
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!
Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying:
Free 30-Day Trial
Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Expedited Shipping
Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.
Share Benefits
Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.
Free Returns with No restocking fee
Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.
Dedicated Customer Service
Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.
Learn More | Sign Up Now
Learn More
Sign Up Now
Wish List
Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Customer Service
Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center
Track An Order
Find Invoice
Return An Item
Check Return Status
Find Rebates
Customer Help Center
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
All Products DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
All Products
DEALS & SERVICES Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
DEALS & SERVICES
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Shell Shocker The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Shell Shocker
The jaw-dropping savings we offer will leave you in shock!
Email Deals
Our latest email deals.
Daily Deals
New deals everyday!
Marketplace Spotlight
Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.
Outlet
Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.
Sales Event Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Sales Event
Weekend Sale Game Like A Pro Prep for Halloween
Weekend Sale
Game Like A Pro
Prep for Halloween
What's New
Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Archer C5400
Newegg TV
Smart Home
VR Central
Subscription Store
Intel Extreme CPU
ZTE Axon 7
Archer C5400
More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
More at Newegg
Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store
Premier Membership
Newegg Store Credit Card
GameCrate
Student Store
Gift Cards
Newegg Gift Card
Amex Pay-with-Points
Textbook Store
Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301 Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
Featured Sellers All Top Sellers
Featured Sellers
All Top Sellers
1190 20 7 465 927 18 178 275 97 69 713 301
1190
20
7
465
927
18
178
275
97
69
713
301
Editor Tested Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller Trending Events Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Editor Tested
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone
Blossom's Smart Sprinkler Controller
Trending Events
Home and Automotive Tech Sale Halloween Styles for Everyone Radio Controlled Tech Deals Brands from the UK
Home and Automotive Tech Sale
Halloween Styles for Everyone
Radio Controlled Tech Deals
Brands from the UK
For Sellers
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos
Save Big with Shipped by Newegg
Simplify SBN with Freightos
iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search
iframe for layout
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all
Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys
Search all
Computer Systems
Components
Electronics
Gaming
Networking
Office Solutions
Software & Services
Automotive & Industrial
Home & Tools
Health & Sports
Apparel & Accessories
Hobbies & Toys
Search all
Search
iframe for layout
Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  ASUS >  Item#:  N82E16834234093
Home > 
Home
Gaming > 
Gaming
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
Gaming Laptops > 
Gaming Laptops
ASUS > 
ASUS
Item#:  N82E16834234093
N82E16834234093
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW LOADING... ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW LOADING... ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Back To Combo
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW LOADING... ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW
Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.
Open Box:
Skip Image Gallery …
Skip Image Gallery
…
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Share
Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller
Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by Newegg
Newegg
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs. DVD±R/RW
GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB
Intel Core i7-4720HQ (2.60 GHz)
16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD
17.3" Full HD 1920 x 1080
16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" 8.40 lbs.
DVD±R/RW
LOADING...
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details. Loading...
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States.
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Ships from United States.
Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Back To Top
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A
Overview
Specifications
Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A
Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once. Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style. Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating. Intel Core i7 Processor Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games. Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors. Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time. Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs. Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands. Realistic, Immersive Audio The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact. Play It Cool Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents. Choose Your Vantage Point The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once.
Redefine your mobile gaming experience with the ASUS ROG G751 gaming laptop. Powered by the quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and the gaming-class NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M graphics card, this laptop delivers the performance and capability you need to game at top settings in the hottest title. The TurboMaster gives you a performance boost of over 5% via real-time overclocking, while intelligent dual fans and copper heat sinks keep your gaming gear cool and always at peak performance. The 17.3" IPS anti-glare display brings what you see to life with vibrant color, Full HD resolution and wide viewing angle. Launch Gaming Center dashboard, Steam platform, and recording function and more, with quick-access game keys and programmable macro keys. Get ready to be immersed in the dynamic sound powered by Bass Eye subwoofer and ROG AudioWizard utility. And with understated design with F-22 Raptor-inspired lines, adjustable backlit keyboard, brushed aluminum design with an illuminated ROG logo, and majestic red design touches, the ASUS ROG G751 is here to show the world you're serious about gaming with its instantly recognizable ROG style.
Republic of Gamers (ROG) DNA Black
RED. STEALTH – KNOW AN ROG WHEN YOU SEE ONE
ROG G751 retains the classic stealthy F-22 Raptor-inspired lines found on previous G Series iterations; only this time it sports an aluminum finish with an illuminated ROG logo. Whether you’re the hero or the villain, get ready to be immersed in a Full HD gaming world through a 178-degree wide-view angle display with an anti-glare coating.
Intel Core i7 Processor
Armed with the latest 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor, the G751 sets all-new benchmarks for powerful performance so you never have to slow down. Intel Thunderbolt technology provides ultra-fast graphics and data transmission via a single connection; while GameFirst III optimizes networks to give you smooth, lag-free online gameplay by prioritizing game packets and allocating more bandwidth for games.
Enthusiast-grade Graphics with Asus TurboMaster
Experience elite PC gaming on a notebook. The GeForce GTX 980M takes advantage of next-generation NVIDIA Maxwell architecture to deliver unrivaled performance, advanced graphics technologies, and improved battery life. Now you can take on the most visually challenging games with fast, smooth gameplay at ultra settings. NVIDIA GeForce Experience optimizes settings for higher resolutions and greater in-game detail for extra-sharp image quality. ASUS TurboMaster technology, gives you the ultimate gaming experience. ASUS TurboMaster supports real-time GPU overclocking to give you a performance boost of over 5%. An upgraded PCB design ensures a stable power supply; and features a dedicated 3-phase GPU power design along with upgraded Tantalum capacitors.
Ultra-Responsive One-Piece Backlit Keyboard
With long travel keys for instant response, the seamless one-piece backlit keyboard is a joy to use even after extended sessions. In addition to the highlighted WASD keys, you can also adjust the brightness of the red keyboard backlight at any time for maximum visibility, making it easy to game anywhere, any time.
Launch Gaming Center at a Press of the ROG Key
The ROG key gives you quick access to the Gaming Center dashboard where you can access system settings and build your own gamer profile. Easily view your storage and drive space availability, as well as the amount of memory used. With the G751, you can also set up to four different gaming modes, each tailored to different situations and needs.
Macro Keys and Quick Access Keys
The G751 features quick-access game keys and additional programmable macro keys for easy access to Steam, game recording and your frequently used commands.
Realistic, Immersive Audio
The ROG AudioWizard utility is an intuitive tool that allows you to easily select the ideal audio settings to suit your needs. It provides you with several preset modes specially optimized for different kinds of games and entertainment. The G751 also includes an internal Bass Eye subwoofer that’s perfectly balanced with the rest of the notebook for added low-frequency impact.
Play It Cool
Get to the finish line without having to power down. The G751 uses an upgraded intelligent cooling system that guarantees stability and low temperatures even when overclocking. Dual independent CPU and GPU fans adjust to each component’s needs and work with copper heatsinks to provide maximum cooling efficiency. But the notebook’s low temperatures are achieved also because of its design. The G751’s architecture quietly expels heat through the back – away from the gamer – so you can focus on owning your opponents.
Choose Your Vantage Point
The G751 comes future-ready, supporting 4K2K HDMI output. Now you can connect to high-resolution screens that go far beyond today’s 1080p systems. Just plug in to experience immersive, true-to-life gaming. And with Trinity Display Technology, you can output graphics to three displays simultaneously via HDMI 1.4 or Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Watch a movie, browse the web, or game – all at once.
Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX) Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs.
Learn more about the ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX)
ASUS G751JY-VS71(WX)
Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990 Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs. CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87 Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF) Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs.
Model | Brand ASUS Series ROG Model G751JY-VS71(WX) Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990
Model
|
Brand ASUS
Brand
ASUS
Series ROG
Series
ROG
Model G751JY-VS71(WX)
Model
G751JY-VS71(WX)
Part Number 90NB06F1-M06990
Part Number
90NB06F1-M06990
Quick Info | Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 17.3" Memory 16 GB DDR3L Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5 Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs.
Quick Info
|
Color Black
Color
Black
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
CPU Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz
CPU
Intel Core i7-4720HQ 2.6 GHz
Screen 17.3"
Screen
17.3"
Memory 16 GB DDR3L
Memory
16 GB DDR3L
Storage 1 TB
Storage
1 TB
Optical Drive DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW
Optical Drive
DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW
Graphics Card GeForce GTX 980M
Graphics Card
GeForce GTX 980M
Video Memory 4 GB GDDR5
Video Memory
4 GB GDDR5
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70"
Weight 8.40 lbs.
Weight
8.40 lbs.
CPU | CPU Type Intel Core i7 CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Haswell Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU
|
CPU Type Intel Core i7
CPU Type
Intel Core i7
CPU Speed 4720HQ (2.60 GHz)
CPU Speed
4720HQ (2.60 GHz)
Number of Cores Quad-core Processor
Number of Cores
Quad-core Processor
Core Name Haswell
Core Name
Haswell
Turbo Frequency Up to 3.6 GHz
Turbo Frequency
Up to 3.6 GHz
CPU L3 Cache 6 MB
CPU L3 Cache
6 MB
Chipset | Chipset Intel HM87
Chipset
|
Chipset Intel HM87
Chipset
Intel HM87
Display | Screen Size 17.3" Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync
Display
|
Screen Size 17.3"
Screen Size
17.3"
Wide Screen Support Yes
Wide Screen Support
Yes
Display Type Full HD
Display Type
Full HD
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution
1920 x 1080
LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync
LCD Features
In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology, supported G-Sync
Operating Systems | Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating Systems
|
Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Graphics | GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M Video Memory 4 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphics
|
GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M
GPU/VPU
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M
Video Memory 4 GB
Video Memory
4 GB
Graphic Type Dedicated Card
Graphic Type
Dedicated Card
Hard Drives | HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM
Hard Drives
|
HDD 1 TB
HDD
1 TB
HDD RPM 7200 RPM
HDD RPM
7200 RPM
Memory | Memory 16 GB Memory Spec 8 GB x 2 Memory Slot (Total) 4 Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Memory
|
Memory 16 GB
Memory
16 GB
Memory Spec 8 GB x 2
Memory Spec
8 GB x 2
Memory Slot (Total) 4
Memory Slot (Total)
4
Max Memory Supported 32 GB
Max Memory Supported
32 GB
Optical Drive | Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW
Optical Drive
|
Optical Drive Type DVD±R/RW
Optical Drive Type
DVD±R/RW
Optical Drive Spec DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW
Optical Drive Spec
DL DVD+-RW/CD-RW
Communications | LAN 10/100/1000Mbps WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Communications
|
LAN 10/100/1000Mbps
LAN
10/100/1000Mbps
WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN
WLAN
802.11ac Wireless LAN
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
Ports | USB 4 x USB 3.0 Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF)
Ports
|
USB 4 x USB 3.0
USB
4 x USB 3.0
Video Port 1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt
Video Port
1 x VGA, 1 x Thunderbolt
HDMI 1 x HDMI
HDMI
1 x HDMI
Audio Ports 1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF)
Audio Ports
1 x Microphone-in jack 2 x Headphone-out jack (SPDIF)
Audio | Audio MaxxAudio support Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer
Audio
|
Audio MaxxAudio support
Audio
MaxxAudio support
Speaker Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer
Speaker
Built-in Speakers And Digital Array Microphone Built-in subwoofer
Input Device | Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera Card Reader SD, MMC
Input Device
|
Keyboard Backlit Chiclet Keyboard
Keyboard
Backlit Chiclet Keyboard
Backlit Keyboard Backlit
Backlit Keyboard
Backlit
Webcam 1.2 MP HD Camera
Webcam
1.2 MP HD Camera
Card Reader SD, MMC
Card Reader
SD, MMC
General | Style Standard Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer
General
|
Style Standard
Style
Standard
Type Gaming & Entertainment
Type
Gaming & Entertainment
Usage Consumer
Usage
Consumer
Power | Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack
Power
|
Battery 88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack
Battery
88 WHrs, 4S2P, 8 cell Li-ion Battery Pack
Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70" Weight 8.40 lbs.
Dimensions & Weight
|
Dimensions (W x D x H) 16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70"
Dimensions (W x D x H)
16.40" x 12.50" x 0.90"-1.70"
Weight 8.40 lbs.
Weight
8.40 lbs.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS
Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details
Warranty
Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year
Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year
Read full details
Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 812-282-2787 Support Website| View other products from ASUS
Manufacturer Contact Info
Manufacturer Product Page|
Manufacturer Product Page
|
Website: http://www.asus.com/|
http://www.asus.com/
|
Support Phone: 812-282-2787
Support Website|
Support Website
|
View other products from ASUS
Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Return Policies
Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days
Return for refund within: 30 days
Return for replacement within: 30 days
This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy.
Standard Return Policy
Loading...
Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Click here for more details.
Click here for more details.
Loading...
Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
Select options to continue.
Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset Compare
Sold and Shipped by: Newegg
Newegg
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Newegg Marketplace Guarantee
Marketplace Seller
Add to Compare Add to Wish List
Add to Compare
Add to Wish List
Selected Items Reset Compare
Selected Items
Reset Compare
Reset
Compare
Best Service Sellers Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping
Best Service Sellers
Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States. DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States. CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping
Mobile Advance Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States.
Mobile Advance
Sold and Shipped by: Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
Mobile Advance Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (173)
Mobile Advance
Ask Mobile Advance about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask Mobile Advance about:
Mobile Advance
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:5/5 (173)
Rating:5/5
173
Ships from United States.
PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States.
PC Rush
Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (2,160)
PC Rush
Ask PC Rush about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask PC Rush about:
PC Rush
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:5/5 (2,160)
Rating:5/5
2,160
Ships from United States.
BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States.
BuyVPC.com
Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (1,022)
BuyVPC.com
Ask BuyVPC.com about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask BuyVPC.com about:
BuyVPC.com
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:5/5 (1,022)
Rating:5/5
1,022
Ships from United States.
DataVision Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States.
DataVision
Sold and Shipped by: DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
DataVision Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (646)
DataVision
Ask DataVision about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask DataVision about:
DataVision
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:5/5 (646)
Rating:5/5
646
Ships from United States.
CCV Electronics Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States.
CCV Electronics
Sold and Shipped by: CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81) Ships from United States.
Sold and Shipped by:
CCV Electronics Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ? Rating:5/5 (81)
CCV Electronics
Ask CCV Electronics about: ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
Ask CCV Electronics about:
CCV Electronics
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ?
ASUS ROG G751JY-VS71(WX) Gaming Laptop 4th Gen Intel core i7 4720HQ (2.60 GHz) 16 GB Memory 1 TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4 GB GDDR5 17.3" G-Sync Windows 10 Home 64-Bit
Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
Your Email
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you
What's your question?(0/500) This field is required.
What's your question?(0/500)
(0/500)
0
This field is required.
Anti-Spam Validation
Submit ?
?
Rating:5/5 (81)
Rating:5/5
81
Ships from United States.
Compare offers from more sellers as low as $1469.0 plus shipping
Are you an E-Blast Insider?  
Are you an E-Blast Insider?
E-Blast Insider
 
Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo
Thank you for subscribing
Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.
Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.
See Today's E-Blast Promo
Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal.
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in
This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees
Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery
Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website
No re-stocking fees
Learn More
Sign-in
Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Condition Guidelines
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty.
New :
Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details.
Refurbished :
Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.
Open Box :
MAY OR MAY NOT
Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category.
Used - Like New :
Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Very Good :
Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description.
Used - Good :
Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.
Used - Acceptable :
Price Available at Checkout
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
How do I find out the price?
Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Add it to your shopping cart
Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary
You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button
To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button
Why can’t we show you details of this product?
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.
Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan
Shop by Region:
United States Canada China Taiwan
United States
Canada
China
Taiwan
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback
customer service
Customer Help Center
Track an Order
Return an Item
Return Policy
Privacy & Security
Feedback
My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book My Newegg Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications
My Account
Login/Register
My Dashboard
Order History
Returns History
Address Book
My Newegg
Wish Lists
Newegg Notifications
Newegg Subscriptions
Auto Notifications
Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Company Information
About Newegg
Awards/Rankings
Hours and Locations
Careers
Newsroom
Newegg Blog
Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates
Tools & Resources
Shop by Brand
Trade-In
Site Map
Become an Affiliate
Marketplace Sellers
Shipped by Newegg
Mobile Apps
Sell to Newegg
Product Review
Video Center
Rebates
Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Affiliated Sites:
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
NeweggBusiness For Business Needs
For Business Needs
Newegg Community Newegg Community
Newegg Community
Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News
Gaming and Hardware News
Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Google
Pinterest
YouTube
Rss
Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.   All rights reserved.
Policy & Agreement
Privacy Policy
A
Close
close window
If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site
