
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Search
Search
Search
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu
Menu
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Stores
Stores
Stores
 Account
 Account
 Account
Account
Basket 0
Basket 0
Basket
0
0
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home
Home
Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops
MacBook
MacBook
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Brand shops
Brand shops
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktops
Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktop PCs
Desktop PCs
PC monitors
PC monitors
Projectors
Projectors
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad
iPad
Tablets
Tablets
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Broadband
Broadband
Learn more about
Learn more about
eReaders
eReaders
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software
Games
Games
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printing
Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printers
Printers
Paper
Paper
Scanners
Scanners
Ink & Toner
Ink & Toner
Office supplies
Office supplies
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
Accessories
iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
iPad & tablet accessories
iPad & tablet accessories
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
PC Gaming
PC Gaming
Webcams
Webcams
PC speakers
PC speakers
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mice and keyboards
Mice and keyboards
Dictation
Dictation
Mobile phone accessories
Mobile phone accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Network & Storage
Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Networking
Networking
Data storage
Data storage
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
Blank media
Blank media
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Upgrades
Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Components and upgrades
Components and upgrades
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Clearance
Clearance
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
TV, Audio & Photo
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
Digital & Smart TV
Digital & Smart TV
Sat nav
Sat nav
Gaming
Gaming
Audio & headphones
Audio & headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Photography accessories
Photography accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare digital TV packages
Compare digital TV packages
Clearance
Clearance
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops
Laptops
Desktops
Desktops
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
Software
Software
Printing
Printing
Accessories
Accessories
Network & Storage
Network & Storage
Upgrades
Upgrades
TV, Audio & Photo
TV, Audio & Photo
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
Home
Home
›
Computing
Computing
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270 Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 164270
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
ASUS
Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
Product code: 164270
Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Video Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Video
Video
Video
Video
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD
Windows 10
Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
RAM: 8 GB
Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
More info
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,099.99 Save £100.00
£1,099.99
£1,099.99
Save £100.00
Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,199.99
(from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Windows 10 Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M RAM: 8 GB Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD
Windows 10
Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M
RAM: 8 GB
Storage: 1 TB & 128 GB SSD
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Protect your ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
More info
Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
Create your own bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Customise bundle
Customise bundle
Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8
Product information
Specification
Bundles
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Top deals 8
8
Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Product information
Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Top features - Top-spec gaming in a portable package - NVIDIA GeForce GTX graphics card delivers an impressive gaming experience anywhere - SSD storage improves boot and load speed for smoother, more immersive gaming - Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs handles anything you can throw at it Gaming in a portable package Wherever you are you can experience your favourite games at their best as the Asus  ROG has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970m graphics card. It has the power to run the biggest games, such as Fallout 4 and No Man's Sky, with impressive Full HD visuals and smooth gameplay. SSD storage Alongside the 1 TB hard drive is a 128 GB solid-state drive (SSD). With much faster data-transfer speeds than normal hard drives anything you save on the SSD will load faster - great for reducing the time you spend looking at load screens when gaming. Plus, you can load Windows 10 onto it for faster booting and smoother all-round computing. Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing There's no chance of the processor holding the graphics card back as the Intel® Core™ i7 processor delivers impressively fast computing throughout everything you do. It's more than capable of running industry standard creative software at its best too, including Photoshop and FL Studio, so you can game, create, and work from one incredibly powerful PC. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Top features
-
Gaming in a portable package
ROG 
SSD storage
Quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing
Video
Video
Specification Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Specification
Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Technical specifications for ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
OVERVIEW Type Gaming Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
OVERVIEW
Type Gaming
Type Gaming
Type
Gaming
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system
Windows 10 (64-bit)
SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5) Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD
SPECIFICATION
Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache
Processor - Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache
Processor
- Intel® Core™ i7-6700HQ Processor - Quad-core - 2.6 GHz / 3.5 GHz (Turbo Boost) - 6 MB cache
Memory (RAM) 8 GB
Memory (RAM) 8 GB
Memory (RAM)
8 GB
Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5)
Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5)
Graphics card
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M (3 GB GDDR5)
Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD
Storage - 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD
Storage
- 1 TB HDD, 7200 rpm - 128 GB SSD
SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 Screen features LED backlighting
SCREEN
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Screen size 15.6"
Screen size 15.6"
Screen size
15.6"
Screen type LED
Screen type LED
Screen type
LED
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution
1920 x 1080
Screen features LED backlighting
Screen features LED backlighting
Screen features
LED backlighting
CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 3 Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
CONNECTIVITY
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless
802.11 ac
Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet
Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet
Ethernet
Gigabit Ethernet
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
USB USB 3.0 x 3
USB USB 3.0 x 3
USB
USB 3.0 x 3
Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1
Video interface - HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1
Video interface
- HDMI x 1 - Mini DisplayPort x 1
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface
3.5 mm jack
MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader
MEDIA
Optical disc drive No
Optical disc drive No
Optical disc drive
No
Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader 3-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader
3-in-1 memory card reader
SOUND Sound IcePower Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
SOUND
Sound IcePower
Sound IcePower
Sound
IcePower
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers
Integrated stereo speakers
FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
FEATURES
Camera Integrated webcam
Camera Integrated webcam
Camera
Integrated webcam
Microphone Yes
Microphone Yes
Microphone
Yes
Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad
Mouse / trackpad ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad
Mouse / trackpad
ASUS Smart Gesture trackpad
Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
Keyboard
Full-size backlit keyboard
POWER Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion
POWER
Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion
Battery type 64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion
Battery type
64 WHr 4-cell Lithium-ion
GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
GENERAL
Colour Black
Colour Black
Colour
Black
Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide
Box contents - ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide
Box contents
- ASUS ROG GL502 Gaming Laptop - AC power adapter - User guide
Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions 24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions
24 x 390 x 266 mm (H x W x D)
Weight 2 kg
Weight 2 kg
Weight
2 kg
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee
1 year
Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Software included - Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Software included
- Gaming Center - ROG Game First III - ASUS GiftBox * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included
Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Bundles
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Build your own bundle
You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
Select up to 5 items from the tabs below
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
4
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
5
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
6
Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
£1,099.99
£1,099.99
Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Game controllers and joysticks Laptop bags and cases Mouse mats Mice Keyboards Headsets and microphones
Game controllers and joysticks
Game controllers and joysticks
Laptop bags and cases
Laptop bags and cases
Mouse mats
Mouse mats
Mice
Mice
Keyboards
Keyboards
Headsets and microphones
Headsets and microphones
Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
Game controllers and joysticks
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50
Normal price £34.99
£34.99
£31.49
£31.49
When added to this bundle
Save £3.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black
Close
Close
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black
Close
Close
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback
10 buttons
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£133.99
£133.99
When added to this bundle
Save £46.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black
Close
Close
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
Wired USB
The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback
10 buttons
Analogue control
Force feedback
Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£147.00
£147.00
When added to this bundle
Save £32.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black
Close
Close
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons
Analogue control
Force feedback
Vibration feedback
Wired USB
The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning
10 programmable buttons
Dual analogue controls
Cushioning
£21.99
£21.99
£21.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad
Close
Close
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons
Dual analogue controls
Cushioning
Wired USB
The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback
12 buttons
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
£29.99
£29.99
£29.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad
Close
Close
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
Add
Add
Add
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add
Laptop bags and cases
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester
Storage pocket
Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00
Normal price £19.99
£19.99
£13.99
£13.99
When added to this bundle
Save £6.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester
Storage pocket
Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
Add
Add
Add
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24
Normal price £24.97
£24.97
£18.73
£18.73
When added to this bundle
Save £6.24
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow
Close
Close
Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00
Normal price £15.99
£15.99
£11.99
£11.99
When added to this bundle
Save £4.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket
Water repellent
Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50
Normal price £29.99
£29.99
£22.49
£22.49
When added to this bundle
Save £7.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black
Close
Close
Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket
Water repellent
Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene
Waterproof
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black
Close
Close
Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene
Waterproof
This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will... Add
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Neoprene Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red
Neoprene
Neoprene
Normal price £14.99 £11.24 When added to this bundle Save £3.75
Normal price £14.99
£14.99
£11.24
£11.24
When added to this bundle
Save £3.75
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will...
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red Close
LOGIK L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Red
Close
Close
Neoprene If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will...
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
If you are looking for a practical and cost effective way of keeping your laptop safe and sound then the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve is worthy of consideration.  Designed with both style and practicality in mind and formed from striking red neoprene, the Logik L15NRE11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve, with its dual zip closure mechanism, ensures easy access to your machine and will...
Add
Add
Add
Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
Mouse mats
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface
Thickness: 4 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£54.99
£54.99
£54.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface
Thickness: 4 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Silicone
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£12.99
£12.99
£12.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
Add
Add
Add
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£14.99
£14.99
£14.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
Add
Add
Add
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 3 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£17.99
£17.99
£17.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 3 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
Add
Add
Add
Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
Mice
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting
5 programmable buttons
Up to 10000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50
Normal price £64.99
£64.99
£58.49
£58.49
When added to this bundle
Save £6.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons
Up to 10000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 8
Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
Add
Add
Add
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
9 programmable buttons
Up to 16000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
£79.99
£79.99
£79.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons
Up to 16000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 8
Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
Add
Add
Add
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI
6 programmable buttons
8 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
£34.99
£34.99
£34.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
8 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 10
With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
Add
Add
Add
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI
6 programmable buttons
6 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
£29.99
£29.99
£29.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons
6 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
Up to 3500 DPI
Compatible with Windows 10
£14.99
£14.99
£14.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
Up to 3500 DPI
Compatible with Windows 10
Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons
Up to 12000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
£69.99
£69.99
£69.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons
Up to 12000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
Add
Add
Add
Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add
Keyboards
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as... Add
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Programmable buttons Backlit keys Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard
Programmable buttons Backlit keys
Programmable buttons
Backlit keys
Normal price £39.99 £35.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00
Normal price £39.99
£39.99
£35.99
£35.99
When added to this bundle
Save £4.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as...
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard Close
ROCCAT Isku Gaming Keyboard
Close
Close
Programmable buttons Backlit keys Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as...
Programmable buttons Backlit keys
Programmable buttons Backlit keys
Programmable buttons Backlit keys
Programmable buttons
Backlit keys
Take computer gaming to the max with the in-depth, stylish, domineering Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard. Functional gaming enhancement The Roccat Isku Gaming Keyboard is no ordinary keyboard with 36 easy-to-reach macro keys, enabling shortcuts, styles and control to suit your games and operations. As well as this you can configure your own media and hotkeys as...
Add
Add
Add
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches... Add
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons
Razer mechanical switches
Anti-ghosting
Programmable buttons
£149.99
£149.99
£149.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches...
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close
RAZER BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Close
Close
Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches...
Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Razer mechanical switches Anti-ghosting Programmable buttons Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Razer mechanical switches
Anti-ghosting
Programmable buttons
Multicolour backlit keys
Compatible with Windows 8
Play the ultimate game with the Razer BlackWidow Chroma Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and experience enhanced key actuation and greater durability for epic gaming sessions. Razer mechanical switches First designed in 2010, Razer revolutionised the gaming world with the evolution of the mechanical switch. The BlackWidow Chroma features Razer's trademark mechanical switches...
Add
Add
Add
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear... Add
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys £149.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys
Anti-ghosting
Fully programmable keys
Multicolour backlit keys
£149.99
£149.99
£149.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear...
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Close
STEELSERIES Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Close
Close
Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear...
Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting Fully programmable keys Multicolour backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting
Fully programmable keys
Multicolour backlit keys
Compatible with Windows 8
Take your gaming to the next level with the SteelSeries Apex M800 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. Engineered for speed From its low-profile design to the fast-reacting switches to the dual processors, the Apex M800 was built to be the fastest mechanical gaming keyboard available. The keyboard is built at an ergonomic low angle and with an optimally designed linear...
Add
Add
Add
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions. Add
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard
Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys
Anti-ghosting
8 programmable buttons
Backlit keys
£79.99
£79.99
£79.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions.
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard Close
ROCCAT Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard
Close
Close
Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8 The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions.
Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting 8 programmable buttons Backlit keys Compatible with Windows 8
Anti-ghosting
8 programmable buttons
Backlit keys
Compatible with Windows 8
The Roccat Isku FX ROC-12-902 Gaming Keyboard is the perfect tool for utter gaming domination. A light in the dark You'll always hit the right keys with the off-white UV-coated keys and a choice of 16.8 million backlighting colours with six brightness levels. It's particularly effective in low light and also helps combat eye strain during marathon sessions.
Add
Add
Add
Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Headsets and microphones
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Retractable microphone
Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£80.99
£80.99
When added to this bundle
Save £9.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Retractable microphone
Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
Add
Add
Add
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with Xbox One
Retractable microphone
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with Xbox One
Retractable microphone
Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
£99.99
£99.99
£99.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket
Close
Close
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Compatible with PC
Controls on earcup
Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
£99.99
£99.99
£99.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Compatible with PC
Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
Add
Add
Add
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
£24.99
£24.99
£24.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red
Close
Close
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
consoles
smartphones & tablets
Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: USB & jack
Compatible with PC & consoles
£81.99
£81.99
£81.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: USB & jack
Compatible with PC & consoles
In-line volume control
Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
Add
Add
Add
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
£59.99
£59.99
£59.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
In-line volume control
Compatible with Skype
Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack
2.0 sound
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
£26.99
£26.99
£26.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
Add
Add
Add
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Delivering your online order
Delivering your online order
Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Get this delivered on a day to suit you
Free delivery:
Next day delivery
Same day delivery
Availability checker
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices
Local stores with stock you can collect from now
Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Stock updates
Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Order online and collect in store
Order online and collect in store
Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
even quicker
you can’t be in
Reserve & Collect
for free
Pay & Collect
for free
Your fastest way
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Product protection
Product protection
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include:
14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck
14 day repair promise
No extra costs
Unlimited repairs
An annual computer healthcheck
Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month.
Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan.
Laptop Care Plan.
Important information and exclusions
Important information and exclusions
Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop.
www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals 8
8
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
any selected Microsoft Office software
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
McAfee LifeSafe Security
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals
Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
one offer
per basket
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details
Deal details
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details
Deal details
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details
Deal details
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details
Deal details
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,099.99 Save £100.00
£1,099.99
£1,099.99
Save £100.00
Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,199.99
(from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black £1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16) Add
ASUS Republic of Gamers GL502 15.6" Gaming Laptop - Black
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,099.99 Save £100.00 Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
£1,099.99 Save £100.00
£1,099.99
£1,099.99
Save £100.00
Was £1,199.99 (from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
(from 19/07/16 to 24/08/16)
Add
Add
Add
Add
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations
Customer services
Customer services
Delivery & Recycling
Delivery & Recycling
Track my Order
Track my Order
Computer set up
Computer set up
Recycling Information
Recycling Information
Returns & Cancellations
Returns & Cancellations
Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies
Shopping with PC World
Shopping with PC World
Order online & collect in store
Order online & collect in store
Price Promise
Price Promise
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Payment & Credit Options
Payment & Credit Options
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us
We're here to help
We're here to help
Product Care Plans
Product Care Plans
Customer Services
Customer Services
Repairs
Repairs
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Contact us
Contact us
Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Store finder
Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store:
Find stores
Find stores
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites
KNOWHOW
PC World Business
PC World Ireland
Currys Partmaster
Currys TechTalk
About DSG Retail Ltd
Corporate site
Careers
PR & Media
Terms & Conditions