
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Search
Search
Search
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu
Menu
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Stores
Stores
Stores
 Account
 Account
 Account
Account
Basket 0
Basket 0
Basket
0
0
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home
Home
Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops
MacBook
MacBook
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Brand shops
Brand shops
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktops
Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktop PCs
Desktop PCs
PC monitors
PC monitors
Projectors
Projectors
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad
iPad
Tablets
Tablets
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Broadband
Broadband
Learn more about
Learn more about
eReaders
eReaders
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software
Games
Games
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printing
Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printers
Printers
Paper
Paper
Scanners
Scanners
Ink & Toner
Ink & Toner
Office supplies
Office supplies
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
Accessories
iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
iPad & tablet accessories
iPad & tablet accessories
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
PC Gaming
PC Gaming
Webcams
Webcams
PC speakers
PC speakers
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mice and keyboards
Mice and keyboards
Dictation
Dictation
Mobile phone accessories
Mobile phone accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Network & Storage
Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Networking
Networking
Data storage
Data storage
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
Blank media
Blank media
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Upgrades
Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Components and upgrades
Components and upgrades
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Clearance
Clearance
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
TV, Audio & Photo
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
Digital & Smart TV
Digital & Smart TV
Sat nav
Sat nav
Gaming
Gaming
Audio & headphones
Audio & headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Photography accessories
Photography accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare digital TV packages
Compare digital TV packages
Clearance
Clearance
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops
Laptops
Desktops
Desktops
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
Software
Software
Printing
Printing
Accessories
Accessories
Network & Storage
Network & Storage
Upgrades
Upgrades
TV, Audio & Photo
TV, Audio & Photo
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Add
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
Home
Home
›
Computing
Computing
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767 Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black Product code: 110767
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
ASUS
C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
Product code: 110767
Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Video Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Video
Video
Video
Video
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Product features
Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Chrome OS
Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830
Memory: 2 GB
Storage: 32 GB eMMC
Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews
Read 93 customer reviews
Ask an owner
93 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
More info
£199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Product features Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Product features
Chrome OS Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 Memory: 2 GB Storage: 32 GB eMMC Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Chrome OS
Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830
Memory: 2 GB
Storage: 32 GB eMMC
Up to 10.5 hours battery life
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews
Read 93 customer reviews Ask an owner 93 customer reviews
Read 93 customer reviews
Ask an owner
93 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
Protect your ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black from only £3.50 More info
More info
Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
Create your own bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Customise bundle
Customise bundle
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6 Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 6
Product information
Specification
Customer reviews
Bundles
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Top deals 6
6
Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Product information
Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Highly portable, simple to use and featuring an all-day battery life, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook is the perfect accompaniment to travel or the working week. Designed for speed The Asus C300MA runs on Google Chrome OS, an intuitive web-focused operating system that provides instant access to the internet, online storage, emails and all your favourite apps. Chrome OS is optimised for Cloud connectivity, with everything you need stored online for maximum hardware performance and efficiency. Everyday performance The C300MA is powered by an Intel® Celeron® processor that delivers quick computing you can rely on. Storage is provided by 32 GB of internal storage and offers plenty of room for apps and media. As most of your files and important documents are stored securely online, you can use the space on the Chromebook itself for films, music and photos. Seriously compact computing With highly compact dimensions and weighing just 1.4 kg, the Asus C300MA Chromebook can be slipped into bags and suitcases without issue, while an integrated webcam with microphone makes it simple to keep in touch with far-away loved ones and friends - perfect if you're travelling or at university Internet on the go Getting online is simple with built-in WiFi, although Chromebooks work at their best with mobile broadband. Mobile broadband provides internet access from almost anywhere in the country, so you can browse, chat, stream and work wherever you find yourself. Slim, light and quick, the Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook offers a great way to get online and stay in touch on the go. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook
Designed for speed
C300MA
Everyday performance
C300MA
Seriously compact computing
C300MA Chromebook
Internet on the go
C300MA-RO005 13.3” Chromebook
Video
Video
Specification Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Specification
Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Technical specifications for ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
OVERVIEW Type Chromebook Operating system Chrome OS
OVERVIEW
Type Chromebook
Type Chromebook
Type
Chromebook
Operating system Chrome OS
Operating system Chrome OS
Operating system
Chrome OS
SPECIFICATION Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache) Memory (RAM) 2 GB Storage 32 GB
SPECIFICATION
Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache)
Processor Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache)
Processor
Intel® Celeron® Processor N2830 (2.16 GHz, 2.41 GHz with Burst, 1 MB cache)
Memory (RAM) 2 GB
Memory (RAM) 2 GB
Memory (RAM)
2 GB
Storage 32 GB
Storage 32 GB
Storage
32 GB
SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type LED Resolution 1366 x 768
SCREEN
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Screen size 13.3"
Screen size 13.3"
Screen size
13.3"
Screen type LED
Screen type LED
Screen type
LED
Resolution 1366 x 768
Resolution 1366 x 768
Resolution
1366 x 768
CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps Ethernet No Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
CONNECTIVITY
Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps
Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps
Wireless
- Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 7260 - 2x2 AC - Up to 867 Mbps
Ethernet No
Ethernet No
Ethernet
No
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB
- USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface
HDMI x 1
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface
3.5 mm jack
MEDIA Memory card reader SD card reader
MEDIA
Memory card reader SD card reader
Memory card reader SD card reader
Memory card reader
SD card reader
SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
SOUND
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers
Integrated stereo speakers
FEATURES Camera Integrated webcam Microphone Yes
FEATURES
Camera Integrated webcam
Camera Integrated webcam
Camera
Integrated webcam
Microphone Yes
Microphone Yes
Microphone
Yes
POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion Battery life Up to 10 hours
POWER
Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion
Battery type 3-cell Lithium-ion
Battery type
3-cell Lithium-ion
Battery life Up to 10 hours
Battery life Up to 10 hours
Battery life
Up to 10 hours
GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
GENERAL
Colour Black
Colour Black
Colour
Black
Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual
Box contents - Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual
Box contents
- Asus C300MA-RO005 13.3" Chromebook - AC power adapter - Manual
Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions 20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions
20.3 x 339 x 230 mm (H x W x D)
Weight 1.4 kg
Weight 1.4 kg
Weight
1.4 kg
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee
1 year
Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Customer reviews
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World
Customer reviews
Customer reviews
Ask an owner
Ask an owner
Reviews of PC World
Reviews of PC World
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo 93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Asus C300MA Chromebook reviews verified by reevoo
Asus C300MA Chromebook
reevoo
93 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
93 reviews
Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
Reviews from:
All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
All purchasers
Business user
General home user
Music, gaming or video fan
Often on the move
Other
Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Sort by:
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recent
Most helpful
Lowest score
Highest score
(8.5 out of 10) Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details
(8.5 out of 10)
(8.5 out of 10)
Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews Show more score details
Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Battery life 9.2 Design 8.7 Size and weight 9.2 Performance 8.6 Value for money 9.0 Overall rating 8.5 Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Battery life 9.2
Battery life
9.2
9.2
9.2
Design 8.7
Design
8.7
8.7
8.7
Size and weight 9.2
Size and weight
9.2
9.2
9.2
Performance 8.6
Performance
8.6
8.6
8.6
Value for money 9.0
Value for money
9.0
9.0
9.0
Overall rating 8.5
Overall rating
8.5
8.5
8.5
Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Scores 8.5 out of 10 based on 93 reviews
Scores 8.5 out of 10
8.5
10
93
Show more score details
Previous 1 2 3 ... 18 19 Next
Previous
1
2
3
...
18
19
Next
Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Bundles
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Build your own bundle
You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
Select up to 5 items from the tabs below
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
4
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
5
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
6
C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
£199.99
£199.99
Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Laptop bags and cases Mice Smart TV WiFi range extenders Printers USB flash drives Internet security and antivirus
Laptop bags and cases
Laptop bags and cases
Mice
Mice
Smart TV
Smart TV
WiFi range extenders
WiFi range extenders
Printers
Printers
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Internet security and antivirus
Internet security and antivirus
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
Laptop bags and cases
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £39.99
£39.99
£29.99
£29.99
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Close
Close
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Add
Add
Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £39.99
£39.99
£29.99
£29.99
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black
Close
Close
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Add
Add
Add
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene
Storage pocket
Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50
Normal price £29.99
£29.99
£22.49
£22.49
When added to this bundle
Save £7.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Close
Close
Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene
Storage pocket
Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
Add
Add
Add
Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add
Mice
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20
Normal price £11.99
£11.99
£10.79
£10.79
When added to this bundle
Save £1.20
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 40 days battery life
USB rechargeable
£71.99
£71.99
£71.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold
Close
Close
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 40 days battery life
USB rechargeable
Scroll wheel
Designed for Windows 8
Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in... Add
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
USB rechargeable
Scroll wheel
£69.99
£69.99
£69.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in...
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold Close
LOGITECH MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - Black & Dark Gold
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
USB rechargeable
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 8
The sculpted, compact shape of this Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse provides comfortable clicking and smooth scrolling. Darkfield Laser Technology Logitech's Darkfield tracking technology uses the smallest possible detail to create a micro-road map of the surface you are working on, whether this is a mouse mat, a tray-table on the train, or even on a glass surface in...
Add
Add
Add
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary... Add
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel £10.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB
Scroll wheel
£10.99
£10.99
£10.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary...
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse Close
HP BR376AA Optical Mouse
Close
Close
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary...
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB
Scroll wheel
Designed with sleek black symmetrical lines, the HP Optical Mouse is perfectly comfortable for both left- and right-handers. Rubber sides provide a smooth, secure grip and USB connectivity means easy plug and play use for greater convenience. This HP Optical Mouse has a high-tech sensor (1200 cpi) making it easy to use on any surface. Five customisable buttons: two primary...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,... Add
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB
Scroll wheel
Normal price £4.99 £4.00 When added to this bundle Save £0.99
Normal price £4.99
£4.99
£4.00
£4.00
When added to this bundle
Save £0.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,...
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey Close
ADVENT M112 Optical Mouse - Black & Grey
Close
Close
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,...
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB Scroll wheel
Connection: Wired USB
Scroll wheel
The high quality Advent M112 Mouse requires zero setup so it works right out of the box. Cursor control Just plug the mouse into your desktop or laptop computer's USB port and the Advent M112 delivers immediate, accurate cursor control. The comfortable, ambidextrous shape feels good in either hand, so you can set up to the left or right of your computer,...
Add
Add
Add
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go! Add
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
£12.99
£12.99
£12.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go!
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse Close
HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go!
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
If you're looking for an affordable and functional mouse for everyday computing, the HP X3000 Wireless Optical Mouse is for you. Wireless technology Featuring 2.4 GHz wireless technology, the HP X3000 removes the tangle of cables around your computer. With Plug-and-Play technology, simply plug the USB dongle into a free USB port on your computer and off you go!
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you... Add
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel £39.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1.5 year battery life
Scroll wheel
£39.99
£39.99
£39.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you...
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse Close
LOGITECH M545 Wireless Mouse
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1.5 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1.5 year battery life
Scroll wheel
With the Logitech M545 Wireless Mouse you'll enjoy easy navigation and enhanced efficiency in Windows 8. Set your mouse up how you like it As well as the standard right and left buttons, the M545 Mouse features two extra thumb buttons which are programmed for the Windows 8 Start screen and Desktop switching functions – or you can programme them to do exactly what you...
Add
Add
Add
Smart TV Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add
Smart TV
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add
GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and... Add
GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac
Built-in WiFi
BBC iPlayer & All 4
£30.00
£30.00
£30.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast Close Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and...
GOOGLE Chromecast Close
GOOGLE Chromecast
Close
Close
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and...
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac Built-in WiFi BBC iPlayer & All 4 Access content on Netflix & NOW TV Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser
Cast content from your smartphone / tablet / PC / Mac
Built-in WiFi
BBC iPlayer & All 4
Access content on Netflix & NOW TV
Mirror your Android phone screen or Chrome browser
Cast your favourite entertainment from your phone or tablet straight to the TV. What is Chromecast? Chromecast is a media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port on your TV. Simply use your mobile device and the TV you already own to cast your favourite TV shows, films, music, sports, games and more. Chromecast works with iPhone, iPad, Android phones and...
Add
Add
Add
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to... Add
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption £30.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio
Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption
Easily cast music to your speakers
Listen to your favourites anytime
Enjoy your music without interruption
£30.00
£30.00
£30.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to...
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio Close
GOOGLE Chromecast Audio
Close
Close
Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to...
Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X
Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X
Easily cast music to your speakers Listen to your favourites anytime Enjoy your music without interruption Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X
Easily cast music to your speakers
Listen to your favourites anytime
Enjoy your music without interruption
Compatible with Android / iOS / Windows / OS X
Cast your favourite music from your phone or tablet straight to your speakers. What is Chromecast Audio? Chromecast Audio is a small device that plugs into your speakers for streaming music over Wi-Fi. Once set up, simply use your iPhone®, iPad®, Android phone or tablet, Mac® or Windows® laptop or Chromebook to cast your favourite music, radio stations and podcasts to...
Add
Add
Add
WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
WiFi range extenders
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
£22.49
£22.49
£22.49
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
Single-band (2.4 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Add
Add
Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
£124.99
£124.99
£124.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Add
Add
Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Add
Add
Add
Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
Printers
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12 ppm
Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Add
Add
Add
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial
WiFi & Apple AirPrint
Colour print / copy / scan
Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50
Normal price £49.99
£49.99
£47.49
£47.49
When added to this bundle
Save £2.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial
WiFi & Apple AirPrint
Colour print / copy / scan
Automatic double-sided printing
1200 x 1200 dpi
Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
Add
Add
Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Up to 32 ppm
Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
Add
Add
Add
USB flash drives Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add
USB flash drives
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files... Add
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos
Password-protected
Data encryption
Normal price £22.99 £20.69 When added to this bundle Save £2.30
Normal price £22.99
£22.99
£20.69
£20.69
When added to this bundle
Save £2.30
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files...
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close
SANDISK 64 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black
Close
Close
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files...
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos Password-protected Data encryption
Up to 16000 songs or 20000 photos
Password-protected
Data encryption
Store, access and transfer large files with ease when you use the compact SanDisk 64 GB Ultra SDCZ48-064G-U46 USB 3.0 Memory Stick. Rapid file transfer Move hi-res photos, HD videos and other large files with surprising speeds of up to 80 MB/s thanks to the advanced capabilities of USB 3.0 technology. You'll spend less time waiting around as you move files...
Add
Add
Add
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security... Add
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos
Password-protected
Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50
Normal price £14.99
£14.99
£13.49
£13.49
When added to this bundle
Save £1.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security...
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black Close
SANDISK 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick - Black
Close
Close
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security...
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos Password-protected
Up to 8000 songs or 10000 photos
Password-protected
The SanDisk 32 GB Ultra USB 3.0 Memory Stick offers a speedy transfer performance and plenty of storage space in a neat and stylish package. Performance With rapid transfer speeds up to 80MB/s, the USB 3.0 flash drive moves files up to four times faster than standard USB 2.0. You can cut down waiting times and transfer large media files in just seconds. Security...
Add
Add
Add
Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Internet security and antivirus
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.00
£20.00
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Product key card
Upgrade
McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Add
Add
Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.50
£20.50
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Download
Upgrade
Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Add
Add
Add
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Delivering your online order
Delivering your online order
Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Get this delivered on a day to suit you
Free delivery:
Next day delivery
Same day delivery
Availability checker
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices
Local stores with stock you can collect from now
Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Stock updates
Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Order online and collect in store
Order online and collect in store
Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
even quicker
you can’t be in
Reserve & Collect
for free
Pay & Collect
for free
Your fastest way
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Product protection
Product protection
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include:
14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck
14 day repair promise
No extra costs
Unlimited repairs
An annual computer healthcheck
Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month.
Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan.
Laptop Care Plan.
Important information and exclusions
Important information and exclusions
Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop.
www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Top deals 6 Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals 6
6
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals
Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
one offer
per basket
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details
Deal details
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details
Deal details
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details
Deal details
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details
Deal details
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
£199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black £199.99 Add
ASUS C300 13.3" Chromebook - Black
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
Add
Add
Add
Add
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations
Customer services
Customer services
Delivery & Recycling
Delivery & Recycling
Track my Order
Track my Order
Computer set up
Computer set up
Recycling Information
Recycling Information
Returns & Cancellations
Returns & Cancellations
Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies
Shopping with PC World
Shopping with PC World
Order online & collect in store
Order online & collect in store
Price Promise
Price Promise
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Payment & Credit Options
Payment & Credit Options
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us
We're here to help
We're here to help
Product Care Plans
Product Care Plans
Customer Services
Customer Services
Repairs
Repairs
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Contact us
Contact us
Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Store finder
Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store:
Find stores
Find stores
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites
KNOWHOW
PC World Business
PC World Ireland
Currys Partmaster
Currys TechTalk
About DSG Retail Ltd
Corporate site
Careers
PR & Media
Terms & Conditions