
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Search
Search
Search
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu
Menu
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Stores
Stores
Stores
 Account
 Account
 Account
Account
Basket 0
Basket 0
Basket
0
0
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home
Home
Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops
MacBook
MacBook
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Brand shops
Brand shops
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktops
Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktop PCs
Desktop PCs
PC monitors
PC monitors
Projectors
Projectors
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad
iPad
Tablets
Tablets
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Broadband
Broadband
Learn more about
Learn more about
eReaders
eReaders
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software
Games
Games
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printing
Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printers
Printers
Paper
Paper
Scanners
Scanners
Ink & Toner
Ink & Toner
Office supplies
Office supplies
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
Accessories
iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
iPad & tablet accessories
iPad & tablet accessories
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
PC Gaming
PC Gaming
Webcams
Webcams
PC speakers
PC speakers
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mice and keyboards
Mice and keyboards
Dictation
Dictation
Mobile phone accessories
Mobile phone accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Network & Storage
Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Networking
Networking
Data storage
Data storage
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
Blank media
Blank media
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Upgrades
Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Components and upgrades
Components and upgrades
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Clearance
Clearance
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
TV, Audio & Photo
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
Digital & Smart TV
Digital & Smart TV
Sat nav
Sat nav
Gaming
Gaming
Audio & headphones
Audio & headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Photography accessories
Photography accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare digital TV packages
Compare digital TV packages
Clearance
Clearance
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops
Laptops
Desktops
Desktops
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
Software
Software
Printing
Printing
Accessories
Accessories
Network & Storage
Network & Storage
Upgrades
Upgrades
TV, Audio & Photo
TV, Audio & Photo
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Add
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
Home
Home
›
Computing
Computing
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870 Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) Product code: 128870
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
APPLE
MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
Product code: 128870
Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info £999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store
Video Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Video
Video
Video
Video
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD
OS X
Intel® Core™ i5 processor
Memory: 8 GB
Graphics: Intel® Iris™
Hard drive: 128 GB SSD
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one
More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews
Read 720 customer reviews
Ask an owner
720 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
More info
£999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 128 GB SSD
OS X
Intel® Core™ i5 processor
Memory: 8 GB
Graphics: Intel® Iris™
Hard drive: 128 GB SSD
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one More info
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one
More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store More info
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews
Read 720 customer reviews Ask an owner 720 customer reviews
Read 720 customer reviews
Ask an owner
720 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
Protect your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) from only £10.00 More info
More info
Our experts recommend you this bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle
Our experts recommend you this bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
+
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
Close
Close
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service
Three years technical telephone support
On-site & carry-in repairs
Covers Mac computer & other hardware
Direct access to Apple experts
The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
£1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00
£1,168.15 Save £29.85
£1,168.15
Save £29.85
Separate selling price £1,198.00
Add bundle
Add bundle
Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
Or create your own bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Customise bundle
Customise bundle
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10 Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 2 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 10
Product information
Specification
Customer reviews
Bundles 2
2
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Top deals 10
10
Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Product information
Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Highlights - Powerful 5th generation Intel® Core® processing delivers fast and reliable computing - Beautifully detailed Retina display is bright, clear hugely detailed - The New Force Touch trackpad makes navigation faster and more intuitive than ever - OS X Yosemite is easy to use and makes working, creating and researching easy The latest Intel® t echnology From editing photos and graphics design to writing essays and reports, the MacBook Pro has the performance you need to get things done. The 5th generation Intel® Core™i5 processor features Intel Turbo Boost 2 which increases the speed of the processor to match the task at hand. Turbo Boost reduces power consumption when you're browsing the web and ramps it up when rendering images or editing large audio clips, so you always get the best mix of power and efficiency. Intel® Iris® graphics and Retina Display Intel® Iris® graphics boost the MacBook's visual performance for greatly improved video and photo quality. Apple's Retina display has a better-than-HD resolution of 2560 x 1600. When combined with Iris® graphics, you have the clarity, detail and performance you need to create professional documents.   Force Touch trackpad The MacBook Pro 2015 is the first MacBook to feature Apple's new Force Touch trackpad. Rather than a normal ‘click', it vibrates to let you know a click has been registered. You click anywhere on the pad, so you aren't confined to using buttons at the bottom like most trackpads. You get different results depending on how hard you press, so you can activate double and left clips simply by pressing slightly harder. All the normal Apple gestures are still present, so you can move between software, pages and applications with simple finger movements. OS X Yosemite The Mac Pro runs on Apple's intuitive Yosemite operating system. Simple to navigate yet capable of professional-level computing, it provides an expressive platform for you to work and play the way you want. iCloud is integrated into every aspect of Yosemite, so you can share documents between all your Apple products and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with automatic backup and Time Machine compatibility.  There are over 200 new features and updates compared to the previous generation OS, including improved software and device integration, new apps and enhancements for users with multiple displays. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Highlights
The latest Intel®
echnology
Intel®
Iris® graphics and
Retina Display
Force Touch trackpad
OS X Yosemite
Video
Video
Specification Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Specification
Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2 MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Technical specifications for APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
OVERVIEW Type MacBook Pro Operating system OS X Yosemite
OVERVIEW
Type MacBook Pro
Type MacBook Pro
Type
MacBook Pro
Operating system OS X Yosemite
Operating system OS X Yosemite
Operating system
OS X Yosemite
SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3 Graphics card Intel® Iris™ Storage 128 GB SSD
SPECIFICATION
Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache
Processor - Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache
Processor
- Intel® Core™ i5 Processor - Dual-core - 2.7 GHz / 3.1 GHz with Turbo Boost - 3 MB cache
Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3
Memory (RAM) 8 GB DDR3
Memory (RAM)
8 GB DDR3
Graphics card Intel® Iris™
Graphics card Intel® Iris™
Graphics card
Intel® Iris™
Storage 128 GB SSD
Storage 128 GB SSD
Storage
128 GB SSD
SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 13.3" Screen type Retina Display Resolution 2560 x 1600 Screen features LED backlighting
SCREEN
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Screen size 13.3"
Screen size 13.3"
Screen size
13.3"
Screen type Retina Display
Screen type Retina Display
Screen type
Retina Display
Resolution 2560 x 1600
Resolution 2560 x 1600
Resolution
2560 x 1600
Screen features LED backlighting
Screen features LED backlighting
Screen features
LED backlighting
CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB USB 3.0 x 2 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack Other ports Thunderbolt x 2
CONNECTIVITY
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless
802.11 ac
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
USB USB 3.0 x 2
USB USB 3.0 x 2
USB
USB 3.0 x 2
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface
HDMI x 1
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface
3.5 mm jack
Other ports Thunderbolt x 2
Other ports Thunderbolt x 2
Other ports
Thunderbolt x 2
MEDIA Optical disc drive No Memory card reader SD card reader
MEDIA
Optical disc drive No
Optical disc drive No
Optical disc drive
No
Memory card reader SD card reader
Memory card reader SD card reader
Memory card reader
SD card reader
SOUND Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
SOUND
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers
Integrated stereo speakers
FEATURES Camera FaceTime HD webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
FEATURES
Camera FaceTime HD webcam
Camera FaceTime HD webcam
Camera
FaceTime HD webcam
Microphone Yes
Microphone Yes
Microphone
Yes
Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad Force Touch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad
Force Touch trackpad
Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
Keyboard Full-size backlit keyboard
Keyboard
Full-size backlit keyboard
POWER Battery type Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 10 hours
POWER
Battery type Lithium-polymer battery
Battery type Lithium-polymer battery
Battery type
Lithium-polymer battery
Battery life Up to 10 hours
Battery life Up to 10 hours
Battery life
Up to 10 hours
GENERAL Colour Silver Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D) Weight 1.58 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
GENERAL
Colour Silver
Colour Silver
Colour
Silver
Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead
Box contents - Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead
Box contents
- Apple MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display - MagSafe 2 power adapter - AC wall plug - Power lead
Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions 18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions
18 x 314 x 219 mm (H x W x D)
Weight 1.58 kg
Weight 1.58 kg
Weight
1.58 kg
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee
1 year
Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Customer reviews
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World
Customer reviews
Customer reviews
Ask an owner
Ask an owner
Reviews of PC World
Reviews of PC World
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo 720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A reviews verified by reevoo
Apple MacBook Pro MGX72B/A
reevoo
720 reviews Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
720 reviews
Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Reviews from: All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
Reviews from:
All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
All purchasersBusiness userGeneral home userMusic, gaming or video fanOften on the moveOther
All purchasers
Business user
General home user
Music, gaming or video fan
Often on the move
Other
Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Sort by:
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recent
Most helpful
Lowest score
Highest score
(9.2 out of 10) Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details
(9.2 out of 10)
(9.2 out of 10)
Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews Show more score details
Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Battery life 9.0 Design 9.5 Size and weight 9.3 Performance 9.3 Value for money 8.2 Overall rating 9.2 Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Battery life 9.0
Battery life
9.0
9.0
9.0
Design 9.5
Design
9.5
9.5
9.5
Size and weight 9.3
Size and weight
9.3
9.3
9.3
Performance 9.3
Performance
9.3
9.3
9.3
Value for money 8.2
Value for money
8.2
8.2
8.2
Overall rating 9.2
Overall rating
9.2
9.2
9.2
Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Scores 9.2 out of 10 based on 720 reviews
Scores 9.2 out of 10
9.2
10
720
Show more score details
Previous 1 2 3 ... 143 144 Next
Previous
1
2
3
...
143
144
Next
Bundles 2 Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Bundles 2
2
Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Bundles available with your APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook. £1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00 Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
+
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro Close
AppleCare Protection Plan - for MacBook Air & 13" MacBook Pro
Close
Close
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service Three years technical telephone support On-site & carry-in repairs Covers Mac computer & other hardware Direct access to Apple experts
Worldwide local repair service
Three years technical telephone support
On-site & carry-in repairs
Covers Mac computer & other hardware
Direct access to Apple experts
The AppleCare Protection Plan extends your coverage to 3 years, offering all the care and help you might need. Extended coverage Each MacBook includes 90 days of telephone and technical support, together with a one-year hardware repair coverage promise. The excellent Applecare Plan extends your coverage to three years from the original purchase date of your MacBook.
£1,168.15 Save £29.85 Separate selling price £1,198.00
£1,168.15 Save £29.85
£1,168.15
Save £29.85
Separate selling price £1,198.00
Add bundle
Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... £1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00 Add bundle
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) + APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter
+
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter
Close
Close
White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
White
White
White
White
The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
£1,021.50 Save £2.50 Separate selling price £1,024.00
£1,021.50 Save £2.50
£1,021.50
Save £2.50
Separate selling price £1,024.00
Add bundle
Add bundle
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Build your own bundle
You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
Select up to 5 items from the tabs below
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
4
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
5
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
6
MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
£999.00
£999.00
Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Laptop bags and cases Internet security and antivirus Computing cables and adaptors Routers Data storage Printers Operating systems WiFi range extenders Creation and editing software
Laptop bags and cases
Laptop bags and cases
Internet security and antivirus
Internet security and antivirus
Computing cables and adaptors
Computing cables and adaptors
Routers
Routers
Data storage
Data storage
Printers
Printers
Operating systems
Operating systems
WiFi range extenders
WiFi range extenders
Creation and editing software
Creation and editing software
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
Laptop bags and cases
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle
Neoprene
Neoprene
Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £19.99
£19.99
£14.99
£14.99
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle Close
GOJI GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve - Black Circle
Close
Close
Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Delivering stylish protection, the Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji GSMBK1315 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Add
Add
Add
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle
Neoprene
Neoprene
Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £19.99
£19.99
£14.99
£14.99
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle Close
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Purple Circle
Close
Close
Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Add
Add
Add
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access. Add
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Neoprene Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle
Neoprene
Neoprene
Normal price £19.99 £14.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £19.99
£19.99
£14.99
£14.99
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle Close
GOJI 13" MacBook Sleeve - Blue Circle
Close
Close
Neoprene Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Neoprene
Delivering stylish protection, the Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve is ideal for transporting your hardware. Suitable for 13” MacBooks and most laptops, this Sleeve features a soft padded interior lining for protection against scratches, knocks and bumps. The neoprene Goji 13" MacBook Sleeve features dual zips for ease of access.
Add
Add
Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £39.99
£39.99
£29.99
£29.99
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Close
Close
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Add
Add
Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for... Add
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Nylon Two internal organiser pockets Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
Normal price £39.99 £29.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £39.99
£39.99
£29.99
£29.99
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black Close
WENGER Format 14" Laptop Case - Black
Close
Close
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon Two internal organiser pockets
Nylon
Two internal organiser pockets
With a padded compartment for your laptop as well as a dedicated space for a 10” tablet, the Wenger Format 14" Laptop Case keeps your computing essentials close at hand. The laptop pocket has an anti-scratch lining so that you can protect from accidental knocks and damage, whilst the pocket system keeps your cables, chargers and cords safely stored. Perfect for...
Add
Add
Add
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a... Add
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Neoprene Storage pocket Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene
Storage pocket
Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50
Normal price £29.99
£29.99
£22.49
£22.49
When added to this bundle
Save £7.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey Close
HP Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case - Grey
Close
Close
Neoprene Storage pocket Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene Storage pocket
Neoprene
Storage pocket
Transport your laptop or tablet in style with the HP 14 Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case, padded to protect your goods from accidental scuffs and scratches. Elegant and minimal design The Signature Slim Topload 14" Laptop Case is finished in a trendy grey shade with black accents on the handles and zip. Its clean design is sure to go with any outfit making it a...
Add
Add
Add
Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Internet security and antivirus
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.00
£20.00
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Product key card
Upgrade
McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Add
Add
Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.50
£20.50
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Download
Upgrade
Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Add
Add
Add
Computing cables and adaptors Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add
Computing cables and adaptors
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook... Add
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter White Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter
White
White
Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£22.50
£22.50
When added to this bundle
Save £2.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter Close
APPLE MB572Z/A Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter
Close
Close
White The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
White
White
White
White
The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter lets you easily view your MacBook content on any display device that uses a VGA connector. For example, connect up your LCD screen, projector or standard analogue monitor for simple sharing of all your content. The Apple MB572Z/A Mini Display Port to VGA Adapter is really simple to use. Connect one end up to your MacBook/MacBook...
Add
Add
Add
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter! Add
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter
Normal price £25.00 £22.50 When added to this bundle Save £2.50
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£22.50
£22.50
When added to this bundle
Save £2.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter!
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter Close
APPLE MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter
Close
Close
Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter!
Turn one of your USB ports into an Ethernet RJ-45 connector with the Apple MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter. The MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter is particularly relevant if you own a MacBook Air, supporting networking speeds up to 10/100BASE-T. Set yourself up for wired networking with the MC704ZM/A USB Ethernet Adapter!
Add
Add
Add
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit... Add
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter £25.00 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter
£25.00
£25.00
£25.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit...
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter Close
APPLE ThunderBolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter
Close
Close
The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit...
The Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter lets you easily connect to a high-performance gigabit Ethernet network. Network support This small and compact Apple network cable connects to the Thunderbolt port on your Mac computer, providing an RJ-45 port that supports 10/100/1000BASE-T networks. Set up your network with the Apple Thunderbolt to Gigabit...
Add
Add
Add
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up. Add
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m White £25.99 Home delivery Collect in store
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m
White
White
£25.99
£25.99
£25.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up.
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m Close
IWANTIT IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable - 0.15m
Close
Close
White Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up.
White
White
White
White
Connect your Mac to any HDMI display with the iWantit IMDPHDM13 Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Cable. Nickel plated Ensure that you get the best connection with nickel plated connectors and enjoy your content on a larger display. Watch HD programming up to 1080p with this handy cable with Plug and Play compatibility that eliminates lengthy set up.
Add
Add
Add
Routers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add
Routers
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or... Add
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver USB connection Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver
USB connection
USB connection
Normal price £65.00 £58.50 When added to this bundle Save £6.50
Normal price £65.00
£65.00
£58.50
£58.50
When added to this bundle
Save £6.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or...
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver Close
APPLE USB SuperDrive - Silver
Close
Close
USB connection Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or...
USB connection
USB connection
USB connection
USB connection
Wherever you go and whatever you're doing, you can take the Apple USB SuperDrive with you. Sleek, compact and functional Boasting the great looks you can expect from Apple, the silver USB SuperDrive is compact enough to go everywhere with you as it is only slightly bigger than a CD case. It's easy to put into your bag to take with you, and easily fits onto your desk or...
Add
Add
Add
APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ... Add
APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE Airport Express For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE Airport Express
For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
For cable and fibre optic broadband
N300
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Normal price £79.00 £71.10 When added to this bundle Save £7.90
Normal price £79.00
£79.00
£71.10
£71.10
When added to this bundle
Save £7.90
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
APPLE Airport Express Close For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ...
APPLE Airport Express Close
APPLE Airport Express
Close
Close
For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ...
For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices
For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices
For cable and fibre optic broadband N300 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices
For cable and fibre optic broadband
N300
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Ideal for connecting up to 5 devices
Take your WiFi network to the next level with the easy to use Apple Airport Express. As easy as 1-2-3 Setting up your WiFi network could not be simpler. With built-in setup assistants as soon as you plug in the Airport Express base station, all you need to do is follow the simple on-screen instructions, then sit back and enjoy! The fastest option ...
Add
Add
Add
Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add
Data storage
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0
Wireless network storage
Mobile app available
Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80
Normal price £159.99
£159.99
£155.19
£155.19
When added to this bundle
Save £4.80
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Close
Close
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0
Wireless network storage
Mobile app available
Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
Add
Add
Add
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app
1 year renewable
Backup files & media from 5 devices
Access files via free mobile and tablet app
Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £30.00
£30.00
£20.00
£20.00
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service
Close
Close
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable
Backup files & media from 5 devices
Access files via free mobile and tablet app
Secure storage for your files
Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
Add
Add
Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered
USB 3.0
5400 rpm
Self-powered
Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45
Normal price £114.99
£114.99
£111.54
£111.54
When added to this bundle
Save £3.45
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
Close
Close
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0
5400 rpm
Self-powered
Mobile apps
DLNA streaming
Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
Add
Add
Add
Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
Printers
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12 ppm
Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Add
Add
Add
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones... Add
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial
WiFi & Apple AirPrint
Colour print / copy / scan
Normal price £49.99 £47.49 When added to this bundle Save £2.50
Normal price £49.99
£49.99
£47.49
£47.49
When added to this bundle
Save £2.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial WiFi & Apple AirPrint Colour print / copy / scan Automatic double-sided printing 1200 x 1200 dpi
Instant Ink - 5 months free trial
WiFi & Apple AirPrint
Colour print / copy / scan
Automatic double-sided printing
1200 x 1200 dpi
Print from all your devices quickly and easily with the HP ENVY 4524 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing You can easily print from your smartphone, tablet, PC and Mac thanks to the HP ENVY's built-in wireless connectivity. WiFi printing makes it simple to print from PC and Mac, while AirPrint and HP ePrint let you print easily from smartphones...
Add
Add
Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Up to 32 ppm
Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
Add
Add
Add
Operating systems Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add
Operating systems
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ... Add
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro
Normal price £179.99 £160.19 When added to this bundle Save £19.80
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£160.19
£160.19
When added to this bundle
Save £19.80
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ...
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro Close
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Pro
Close
Close
Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ...
Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. Exclusive to Pro Along with all the great new Windows 10 features, the Pro version has features made for business: - BitLocker data encryption gives you the peace-of-mind to store the most sensitive files on your PC ...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and... Add
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Operating system
Normal price £99.99 £89.99 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £99.99
£99.99
£89.99
£89.99
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and...
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home Close
MICROSOFT Windows 10 Home
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and...
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Operating system Memory stick / flashdrive
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Operating system
Memory stick / flashdrive
Windows 10 is here. Experience it on any laptop or desktop with this full version that comes on a handy USB stick for easy installation. All new, yet familiar Windows 10 sees the return of the start button and menu - great for users more familiar with Windows 7 or XP. There are plenty of exciting new features to make using your PC more productive and...
Add
Add
Add
WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
WiFi range extenders
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
£22.49
£22.49
£22.49
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
Single-band (2.4 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Add
Add
Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
£124.99
£124.99
£124.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Add
Add
Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Add
Add
Add
Creation and editing software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Creation and editing software
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and... Add
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily
Normal price £49.99 £44.99 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £49.99
£49.99
£44.99
£44.99
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and...
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate Close
CYBERLINK Power Director 14 Ultimate
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and...
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily DVD
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Video editing: Edit home videos quickly and easily
DVD
Create great-quality videos quickly and easily with Cyberlink Power Director 14 Ultimate. Simple yet powerful Power Director 14 is suitable for all levels of video editing and features Easy Editor and Slideshow creator to give beginners a head-start on creating professional-looking videos. As your knowledge develops, thousands of customisable effects and...
Add
Add
Add
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even... Add
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00 Home delivery Collect in store
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC
Full edition
Normal price £109.99 £98.99 When added to this bundle Save £11.00
Normal price £109.99
£109.99
£98.99
£98.99
When added to this bundle
Save £11.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even...
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6 Close
ADOBE Photoshop Lightroom 6
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even...
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC
Full edition
Product key
Create beautiful and detailed images with Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 6. Complete photo package Lightroom 6 gives you a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from simple one-click adjustments to advanced commands and controls. It is especially suited to editing highlighting and shadow recovery, so you can bring out all the detail in your images even...
Add
Add
Add
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Delivering your online order
Delivering your online order
Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Get this delivered on a day to suit you
Free delivery:
Next day delivery
Same day delivery
Availability checker
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices
Local stores with stock you can collect from now
Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Stock updates
Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Order online and collect in store
Order online and collect in store
Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
even quicker
you can’t be in
Reserve & Collect
for free
Pay & Collect
for free
Your fastest way
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Product protection
Product protection
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include:
14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck
14 day repair promise
No extra costs
Unlimited repairs
An annual computer healthcheck
Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month.
Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan.
Laptop Care Plan.
Important information and exclusions
Important information and exclusions
Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop.
www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Top deals 10 Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals 10
10
Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.   Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions.
Trade in your Mac notebook and receive up to £170 towards a new one
Trade in available in store and for Reserve and Collect orders only. Not available for Home Delivery orders. Please bring your old Mac Notebook into store to receive a valuation. Click here to view our Mac Notebook trade in values and terms & conditions.
Click here
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
any selected Microsoft Office software
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.  
Free Knowhow set up and Showhow worth £85 when you Reserve & Collect in Store
To claim this offer, choose to reserve & collect your order. In store, you can book your Knowhow set up & Showhow for a time that suits you. Offer ends 15/11/2016.  
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
McAfee LifeSafe Security
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals
Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
one offer
per basket
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details
Deal details
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details
Deal details
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details
Deal details
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details
Deal details
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
More options available APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store
More options available
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD £1,199.00 Home delivery Collect in store
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
OS X Intel® Core™ i5 processor Memory: 8 GB Graphics: Intel® Iris™ Hard drive: 256 GB SSD
OS X
Intel® Core™ i5 processor
Memory: 8 GB
Graphics: Intel® Iris™
Hard drive: 256 GB SSD
£1,199.00
£1,199.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
£999.00 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store minutes later   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015) £999.00 Add
APPLE MacBook Pro 13" with Retina Display (2015)
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
£999.00
Add
Add
Add
Add
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations
Customer services
Customer services
Delivery & Recycling
Delivery & Recycling
Track my Order
Track my Order
Computer set up
Computer set up
Recycling Information
Recycling Information
Returns & Cancellations
Returns & Cancellations
Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies
Shopping with PC World
Shopping with PC World
Order online & collect in store
Order online & collect in store
Price Promise
Price Promise
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Payment & Credit Options
Payment & Credit Options
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us
We're here to help
We're here to help
Product Care Plans
Product Care Plans
Customer Services
Customer Services
Repairs
Repairs
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Contact us
Contact us
Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Store finder
Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store:
Find stores
Find stores
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites
KNOWHOW
PC World Business
PC World Ireland
Currys Partmaster
Currys TechTalk
About DSG Retail Ltd
Corporate site
Careers
PR & Media
Terms & Conditions