
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Search
Search
Search
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu
Menu
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Stores
Stores
Stores
 Account
 Account
 Account
Account
Basket 0
Basket 0
Basket
0
0
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home
Home
Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops
MacBook
MacBook
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Brand shops
Brand shops
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktops
Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktop PCs
Desktop PCs
PC monitors
PC monitors
Projectors
Projectors
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad
iPad
Tablets
Tablets
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Broadband
Broadband
Learn more about
Learn more about
eReaders
eReaders
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software
Games
Games
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printing
Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printers
Printers
Paper
Paper
Scanners
Scanners
Ink & Toner
Ink & Toner
Office supplies
Office supplies
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
Accessories
iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
iPad & tablet accessories
iPad & tablet accessories
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
PC Gaming
PC Gaming
Webcams
Webcams
PC speakers
PC speakers
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mice and keyboards
Mice and keyboards
Dictation
Dictation
Mobile phone accessories
Mobile phone accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Network & Storage
Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Networking
Networking
Data storage
Data storage
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
Blank media
Blank media
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Upgrades
Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Components and upgrades
Components and upgrades
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Clearance
Clearance
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
TV, Audio & Photo
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
Digital & Smart TV
Digital & Smart TV
Sat nav
Sat nav
Gaming
Gaming
Audio & headphones
Audio & headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Photography accessories
Photography accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare digital TV packages
Compare digital TV packages
Clearance
Clearance
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops
Laptops
Desktops
Desktops
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
Software
Software
Printing
Printing
Accessories
Accessories
Network & Storage
Network & Storage
Upgrades
Upgrades
TV, Audio & Photo
TV, Audio & Photo
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Add
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
Home
Home
›
Computing
Computing
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145 Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black Product code: 148145
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
LENOVO
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
Product code: 148145
Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info £1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Video Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Video
Video
Video
Video
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB
Windows 10 (pre-installed)
Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor
Memory: 16 GB
Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M
Storage: 1 TB
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews
Read 1 customer reviews
Ask an owner
1 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
More info
£1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Windows 10 (pre-installed) Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor Memory: 16 GB Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M Storage: 1 TB
Windows 10 (pre-installed)
Intel® Core™ i7-4720HQ processor
Memory: 16 GB
Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M
Storage: 1 TB
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews
Read 1 customer reviews Ask an owner 1 customer reviews
Read 1 customer reviews
Ask an owner
1 customer reviews
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
Protect your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black from only £11.00 More info
More info
Our experts recommend you this bundle LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle
Our experts recommend you this bundle
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
+
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year
Full edition
Product key
Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
£1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98
£1,238.99 Save £20.99
£1,238.99
Save £20.99
Separate selling price £1,259.98
Add bundle
Add bundle
Or create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
Or create your own bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Customise bundle
Customise bundle
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Specification Customer reviews Bundles 1 Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8
Product information
Specification
Customer reviews
Bundles 1
1
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Top deals 8
8
Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016 Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Product information
Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Video
Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Designed from top end components, equipped for dedicated gamers, music creators and designers, the formidable Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop can handle pretty much anything you throw at it. Highlights - Powerful quad-core Intel® Core™ i7 processing runs the most demanding software and games with ease - NVIDIA graphics card runs the latest games wherever you are - 17.3” touchscreen delivers Full HD images and intuitive navigation - Backlit AccuType keyboard looks impressive and improves accuracy in the lowest light Impressive processing The Y70 is equipped with a state-of-the-art Intel Core i7-4720HQ processor, which manages multiplayer gaming, complex editing and everyday computing with ease. Compromise on nothing with a generous 1 TB of SSHD storage and a top of the range NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M graphics card, designed for serious gaming. Quality audio Built to amplify your gaming experience, the dual JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer bring immersive sound, whether you're gaming, listening to your favourite album or watching a movie. The Y70 Touch is driven by Dolby Advanced Audio to help it deliver impressive, immersive sound quality. Flawless display The Lenovo Y70 Touchscreen Laptop draws you in with bright, clear colours and brilliant detail on its Full HD screen, bringing movies, photos and games to life. The 10-point touchscreen gives you an easy way to interact with and control your laptop. Comfortable, proactive gaming In the box, you'll also get a high quality AccuType keyboard with individual rounded keys to ease computer use over long periods, aided by the ergonomic spacebar. It looks cool too, with an attractive backlit display. What's more, with three USB ports (two of which are high speed) and an HDMI connector, you have every connection you need for gaming and working alike. Windows 10 If you're an experienced Windows user you'll be pleased with the return of the familiar Start button and menu, while everyone will benefit from the many new and exciting features designed to make accessing what matters to you quick and easy. Windows 10 features the new Edge browser, which gives you a much bigger viewing area for enjoying your online content at its best. You can write notes directly onto web pages and share them with anyone - perfect for students or business. Working between different software or keeping an eye on social media while you work has never been easier; you can now snap up to four apps to any location on the screen for effortless multitasking. You can even create individual desktops for specific projects and tasks. Whatever you're doing, Windows 10 makes your PC work the way you want. The Lenovo Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop is a high-performance all-rounder that will carry out your complex computing needs smoothly and reliably. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop
Highlights -
-
Impressive processing
Y70
Quality audio
Y70 Touch
Flawless display
Y70
Touchscreen Laptop
Comfortable, proactive gaming
Windows 10
Y70 17.3” Touchscreen Gaming Laptop
Video
Video
Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Specification
Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080 CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Technical specifications for LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
OVERVIEW
Type Laptop
Type Laptop
Type
Laptop
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system
Windows 10 (64-bit)
SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD
SPECIFICATION
Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache
Processor - Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache
Processor
- Intel Core i7-4720HQ - Quad core - 2.6 GHz / 3.6 GHz with Turbo Boost - 6 MB cache
Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L
Memory (RAM) 16 GB DDR3L
Memory (RAM)
16 GB DDR3L
Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M
Graphics card NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M
Graphics card
NVIDIA GeForce GTX-960M
Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD
Storage - 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD
Storage
- 1 TB HDD, 5400 rpm - 8 GB SSHD
SCREEN Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen Screen size 17.3" Screen type IPS LED Resolution 1920 x 1080
SCREEN
Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen
Touchscreen 10-point multitouch screen
Touchscreen
10-point multitouch screen
Screen size 17.3"
Screen size 17.3"
Screen size
17.3"
Screen type IPS LED
Screen type IPS LED
Screen type
IPS LED
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution 1920 x 1080
Resolution
1920 x 1080
CONNECTIVITY Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
CONNECTIVITY
Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps
Wireless - Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps
Wireless
- Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 - 1x1 AC - Up to 433 Mbps
Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000)
Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000)
Ethernet
Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000)
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB - USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB
- USB 3.0 x 2 - USB 2.0 x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface
HDMI x 1
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface
3.5 mm jack
MEDIA Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
MEDIA
Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader
4-in-1 memory card reader
SOUND Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2 Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer
SOUND
Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2
Sound Dolby Advanced Audio V2
Sound
Dolby Advanced Audio V2
Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer
Speakers - Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer
Speakers
- Integrated 2 W JBL speakers x 2 (with chamber) - 3 W subwoofer
FEATURES Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard Security features Kensington lock
FEATURES
Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera
Camera Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera
Camera
Integrated 1.0 MP HD fixed focus CMOS camera
Microphone Yes
Microphone Yes
Microphone
Yes
Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad
Multitouch trackpad
Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard
Keyboard Backlit AccuType keyboard
Keyboard
Backlit AccuType keyboard
Security features Kensington lock
Security features Kensington lock
Security features
Kensington lock
POWER Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery Battery life Up to 5 hours
POWER
Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery
Battery type 4-cell Lithium-polymer battery
Battery type
4-cell Lithium-polymer battery
Battery life Up to 5 hours
Battery life Up to 5 hours
Battery life
Up to 5 hours
GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D) Weight 3.4 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
GENERAL
Colour Black
Colour Black
Colour
Black
Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual
Box contents - Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual
Box contents
- Lenovo Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - AC adapter - User manual
Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions 25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions
25.9 x 422.9 x 290.6 mm (H x W x D)
Weight 3.4 kg
Weight 3.4 kg
Weight
3.4 kg
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee
1 year
Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Software included - McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Software included
- McAfee Internet Security (30-day free trial) - VeriFace Pro - Entertainment - Zinio Online Newsstand - Skype - Amazon Kindle for PC - Productivity - Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium (30-day trial) - Evernote
Customer reviews Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Customer reviews
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Customer reviews Ask an owner Reviews of PC World
Customer reviews
Customer reviews
Ask an owner
Ask an owner
Reviews of PC World
Reviews of PC World
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo 1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score (8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details (8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF reviews verified by reevoo
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - BlackLenovo E73 SFF
reevoo
1 review Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
1 review
Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Sort by: Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Sort by:
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recentMost helpfulLowest scoreHighest score
Most recent
Most helpful
Lowest score
Highest score
(8.0 out of 10) Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details
(8.0 out of 10)
(8.0 out of 10)
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review Show more score details
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Design 8.0
Design
8.0
8.0
8.0
Compatibility 7.0
Compatibility
7.0
7.0
7.0
Performance 8.0
Performance
8.0
8.0
8.0
Value for money 7.0
Value for money
7.0
7.0
7.0
Overall rating 8.0
Overall rating
8.0
8.0
8.0
Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Scores 8.0 out of 10 based on 1 review
Scores 8.0 out of 10
8.0
10
1
Show more score details
(8 out of 10) Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0 Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
(8 out of 10)
(8 out of 10)
Chris Braintree I hate cats Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard Bad Points? Weight All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0
Chris Braintree I hate cats
Chris
Braintree I hate cats
Braintree
I hate cats
I hate cats
Good Points+ Touchscreen Keyboard
Good Points+
Good Points
Touchscreen Keyboard
Bad Points? Weight
Bad Points?
Bad Points
Weight
All scores from this user: Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful
All scores from this user:
All scores from this user:
Was this review helpful? This is helpful This is unhelpful 0 of 1 people found this review helpful
Was this review helpful?
This is helpful This is unhelpful
This is helpful
This is helpful
This is unhelpful
This is unhelpful
0 of 1 people found this review helpful
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0
Design 8.0 Compatibility 7.0 Performance 8.0 Value for money 7.0 Overall rating 8.0
Design 8.0
Design
8.0
8.0
8.0
Compatibility 7.0
Compatibility
7.0
7.0
7.0
Performance 8.0
Performance
8.0
8.0
8.0
Value for money 7.0
Value for money
7.0
7.0
7.0
Overall rating 8.0
Overall rating
8.0
8.0
8.0
Confirmed purchase: 28 April 2016 Published on: 18 May 2016
28 April 2016
18 May 2016
Bundles 1 Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Bundles 1
1
Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Bundles available with your LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... £1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98 Add bundle
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black + MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
+
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year
Full edition
Product key
Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
£1,238.99 Save £20.99 Separate selling price £1,259.98
£1,238.99 Save £20.99
£1,238.99
Save £20.99
Separate selling price £1,259.98
Add bundle
Add bundle
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Build your own bundle
You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
Select up to 5 items from the tabs below
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
4
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
5
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
6
Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Mice Game controllers and joysticks Printers Office software Internet security and antivirus Data storage WiFi range extenders Mouse mats Headsets and microphones
Mice
Mice
Game controllers and joysticks
Game controllers and joysticks
Printers
Printers
Office software
Office software
Internet security and antivirus
Internet security and antivirus
Data storage
Data storage
WiFi range extenders
WiFi range extenders
Mouse mats
Mouse mats
Headsets and microphones
Headsets and microphones
Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
Mice
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command. Add
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting
5 programmable buttons
Up to 10000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Normal price £64.99 £58.49 When added to this bundle Save £6.50
Normal price £64.99
£64.99
£58.49
£58.49
When added to this bundle
Save £6.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close 5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse Close
RAZER DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons Up to 10000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
5 programmable buttons
Up to 10000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 8
Up your gaming technique and annihilate the opposition with the Razer DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse. Ergonomic shape Specifically designed for ultimate comfort when gaming, the DeathAdder Chroma's ergonomic shape fits perfectly under the palm of your hand. Its rubber side grips give extra control, letting you stay ahead of the game at every command.
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your... Add
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
8 months battery life
Designed for Windows 8
Normal price £14.99 £13.49 When added to this bundle Save £1.50
Normal price £14.99
£14.99
£13.49
£13.49
When added to this bundle
Save £1.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your...
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse Close
MICROSOFT Sculpt Mobile Mouse
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8 For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 8 months battery life Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
8 months battery life
Designed for Windows 8
For accurate computing control and precision, choose the Microsoft Sculpt Mobile Mouse. Cutting-edge design Microsoft's expert BlueTrack technology provides excellent use of your Sculpt mouse on most surfaces with pinpoint accuracy, in either hand. Use it just about anywhere - on carpet, uneven surfaces or a wooden desk, as this Microsoft mouse accommodates your...
Add
Add
Add
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the... Add
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £79.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
9 programmable buttons
Up to 16000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
£79.99
£79.99
£79.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close 9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse Close
RAZER Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8 Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons Up to 16000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 8
9 programmable buttons
Up to 16000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 8
Ergonomically designed for comfort, control and customisation, the Razer Mamba Tournament Edition Laser Gaming Mouse is for serious gamers. Precision gaming Introducing the world's most precise gaming mouse sensor with 16,000 DPI. Get the edge over your competition with the ability to track 1 DPI increments and instantly react with unbeatable accuracy. With the...
Add
Add
Add
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are... Add
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI
6 programmable buttons
8 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
£34.99
£34.99
£34.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close 6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black Close
ROCCAT Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse - Black
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10 With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons 8 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Adjustable LED lighting Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
8 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
Adjustable LED lighting
Compatible with Windows 10
With a modular and ambidextrous design, the Roccat Kiro Optical Gaming Mouse lets you bring the best of your gaming prowess to your favourite games. Modular and customisable design No matter which hand you favour, the Kiro is ready to use right out of the box. The ergonomic design is customisable thanks to four durable sideparts, and a range of 3D printable parts are...
Add
Add
Add
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional... Add
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI
6 programmable buttons
6 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
£29.99
£29.99
£29.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close 6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse Close
STEELSERIES Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons 6 buttons Up to 4000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
6 programmable buttons
6 buttons
Up to 4000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Enhance your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Rival 100 Optical Gaming Mouse. Professional quality Whether you are looking for your first gaming mouse or already topping the leaderboards, the Rival 100 is an ideal choice. Having worked with sensor manufacturer PixArt, SteelSeries have produced a gaming mouse with an optimised sensor solution that allows professional...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready... Add
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
Up to 3500 DPI
Compatible with Windows 10
£14.99
£14.99
£14.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close 6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green Close
MAD CATZ R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse - Black & Green
Close
Close
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10 Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons Up to 3500 DPI Compatible with Windows 10
6 programmable buttons
Up to 3500 DPI
Compatible with Windows 10
Enhance your gaming experience with the Mad Catz R.A.T. 1 Optical Gaming Mouse in a black and green design. Lightweight design The R.A.T. 1 features an ultra-lightweight Tripod Chassis which is designed to provide a solid frame for the modular components. The chassis can even be removed to leave just the unique sensor-button module which can then be used as a travel-ready...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and... Add
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable £71.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 40 days battery life
USB rechargeable
£71.99
£71.99
£71.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold Close
LOGITECH MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse - Black & Gold
Close
Close
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8 Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 40 days battery life USB rechargeable Scroll wheel Designed for Windows 8
Connection: Bluetooth & wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 40 days battery life
USB rechargeable
Scroll wheel
Designed for Windows 8
Crafted for optimum comfort and response, the Logitech MX Master Wireless Darkfield Mouse offers comfortable and precise control. Hand-sculpted The ergonomic design supports your hand and wrist in a comfortable, natural position for optimum comfort during use. A Darkfield laser sensor delivers accurate tracking on virtually any surface, including glass and...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting. Add
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons
Up to 12000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
£69.99
£69.99
£69.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close 11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse Close
LOGITECH G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse
Close
Close
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons Up to 12000 DPI Programmable LED lighting
11 programmable buttons
Up to 12000 DPI
Programmable LED lighting
Designed for accuracy, speed and precision, the Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Optical Gaming Mouse is a great addition to your gaming with a comfortable, ergonomic shape. Accurate and responsive With tracking accuracy that you can rely on, the G502 Gaming Mouse includes a responsive optical sensor that minimises acceleration and increases reliable targeting.
Add
Add
Add
Game controllers and joysticks Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
Game controllers and joysticks
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
Normal price £34.99 £31.49 When added to this bundle Save £3.50
Normal price £34.99
£34.99
£31.49
£31.49
When added to this bundle
Save £3.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black Close
MICROSOFT Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows – Black
Close
Close
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
This ergonomic Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller in black will bring extra precision, comfort, and control to your gaming, and allows complete freedom of movement with its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology and 9-metre range. Usable across Microsoft gaming platforms, you can enjoy the Wireless Controller with either an Xbox 360 game console or a Windows PC - with support for...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of... Add
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black Close
MICROSOFT Xbox One Wired PC Controller - Black
Close
Close
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
With a next generation console comes a next generation controller. Taking inspiration from the original and hugely popular Xbox 360 gamepad, the new Microsoft Xbox One Wired PC Controller has been re-designed with over 40 improvements to ensure you experience the very pinnacle of in game control that you can use wired or wireless. Complete comfort Designed for gamers of...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly... Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback
10 buttons
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
Normal price £179.99 £133.99 When added to this bundle Save £46.00
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£133.99
£133.99
When added to this bundle
Save £46.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black Close
LOGITECH Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel - Black
Close
Close
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons
Analogue control
Vibration feedback
Wired USB
The Logitech Driving Force G29 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing sim experience for the Playstation 3, 4 and PC. For Playstation and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G29 for Playstation is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With... Add
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback
10 buttons
Analogue control
Force feedback
Normal price £179.99 £147.00 When added to this bundle Save £32.99
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£147.00
£147.00
When added to this bundle
Save £32.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close 10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black Close
LOGITECH Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel - Black
Close
Close
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons Analogue control Force feedback Vibration feedback Wired USB
10 buttons
Analogue control
Force feedback
Vibration feedback
Wired USB
The Logitech Driving Force G920 Racing Wheel gives you the definitive racing experience for Xbox One and PC. For Xbox One and PC Experience a new level of racing that far exceeds your regular controller. The G920 for Xbox One is designed to take on the latest console racing games as well Logitech supported gaming on your PC. Amazingly realistic With...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style... Add
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning £21.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning
10 programmable buttons
Dual analogue controls
Cushioning
£21.99
£21.99
£21.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close 10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad Close
LOGITECH F310 Gamepad
Close
Close
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons Dual analogue controls Cushioning Wired USB
10 programmable buttons
Dual analogue controls
Cushioning
Wired USB
The Logitech F310 Gamepad brings awesome console-style control to your PC games, compatible with a wide range of titles for maximum enjoyment. Choose your weapon Whether you're a sports fan, sharpshooter or all-round games enthusiast, the F-310 Gamepad lends its superb controllability to the widest range of games. It lets you play console ports with a native-style...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing... Add
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback £29.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback
12 buttons
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
£29.99
£29.99
£29.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close 12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad Close
LOGITECH F710 Wireless Gamepad
Close
Close
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons Dual analogue controls Vibration feedback 2.4 GHz Wireless
12 buttons
Dual analogue controls
Vibration feedback
2.4 GHz Wireless
Easy to pick up, but hard to put down again, the Logitech F710 Wireless Gamepad will have you tearing through your favourite games and dealing virtual death, destruction and mayhem to all who dare oppose you. Wire Free Allowing complete freedom of movement due to its built-in 2.4 GHz wireless technology, you can play your favourite games free from the hassle of trailing...
Add
Add
Add
Printers Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add
Printers
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with... Add
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink Apple AirPrint 1200 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Compatible with HP Instant Ink
Apple AirPrint
1200 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12 ppm
Print wirelessly wherever you are with the HP ENVY 5644 All-in-One Inkjet Printer. With a wireless connection, you'll be able to print from smartphones, tablets, PCs and much more, as well as scan and copy documents and photos without requiring separate devices. Well connected Connect your ENVY 5644 to your local wireless network and you're ready to get started with...
Add
Add
Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your... Add
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Normal price £89.99 £85.49 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£85.49
£85.49
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
EPSON Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 32 ppm
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Up to 32 ppm
Experience the ease and efficiency of wireless printing with the Epson Expression Premium XP-635 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Mobile printing Easily print documents and photos over WiFi from anywhere, with the Epson Connect app on your smartphone, tablet or your PC. The WiFi is easy to setup, quickly connecting to your home network to print from your...
Add
Add
Add
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large... Add
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print £199.99 Home delivery Collect in store
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
Includes up to 2 years of ink
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
£199.99
£199.99
£199.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large...
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
EPSON EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large...
Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm
Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm
Includes up to 2 years of ink WiFi & Epson Connect Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 5760 x 1440 dpi Up to 9 ppm
Includes up to 2 years of ink
WiFi & Epson Connect
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
5760 x 1440 dpi
Up to 9 ppm
Spend less time and money replacing ink cartridges thanks to the Epson EcoTank ET-2550 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. This printer includes enough ink to see you through up to two years of printing, so you'll be able to get working straight away. EcoTank With the ET-2550 from Epson, you'll be able to say goodbye to the hassle of ink cartridges. It features large...
Add
Add
Add
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the... Add
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £69.00 Home delivery Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
4800 x 1200 dpi
£69.00
£69.00
£69.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the...
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
CANON PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the...
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 15 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
4800 x 1200 dpi
Up to 15 ipm
Create high quality prints from your computer, tablet and smartphone with the Canon PIXMA MG6851 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Wireless printing The Canon PIXMA MG6851 offers you the freedom to print from your Windows or Mac computer as well as from Android or iOS mobile devices. Wherever your documents are stored, you can print them in seconds and without the...
Add
Add
Add
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you... Add
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm £69.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm
Apple AirPrint
4800 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12 ppm
£69.99
£69.99
£69.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you...
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you...
Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial
Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial
Apple AirPrint 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12 ppm Instant Ink - 9 months free trial
Apple AirPrint
4800 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12 ppm
Instant Ink - 9 months free trial
Print lab-quality photos and laser-quality documents with the HP ENVY 5546 Home Photo All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. With a nine month free trial of Instant Ink, you'll have everything you need for your project. Wireless connections Easily connect the ENVY 5546 to your smartphone, tablet or PC to print wirelessly. Using the free HP Printer Remote mobile app, you...
Add
Add
Add
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using... Add
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
4800 x 1200 dpi
£99.99
£99.99
£99.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using...
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer Close
CANON PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer
Close
Close
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using...
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print 4800 x 1200 dpi Up to 12.6 ipm
WiFi & PIXMA Cloud Link
Apple AirPrint & Google Cloud Print
4800 x 1200 dpi
Up to 12.6 ipm
Print, scan and copy with confidence at home using the Canon PIXMA MG5750 All-in-One Wireless Inkjet Printer. Convenient The PIXMA MG5750 is an ideal addition to your home computing setup, combining the capabilities of printing, scanning and copying in one device. It is easy to control, view and connect with your devices using the large 6.2 cm colour display, making using...
Add
Add
Add
Office software Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add
Office software
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single... Add
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year
Full edition
Normal price £59.99 £39.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99
Normal price £59.99
£59.99
£39.00
£39.00
When added to this bundle
Save £20.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal Close
MICROSOFT Office 365 Personal
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac 1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year Full edition Product key
Compatible with Windows & Mac
1 PC & 1 tablet for 1 year
Full edition
Product key
Top features:  - Access your documents anywhere for easy editing and sharing  - Compatible with Mac OS as well as Windows - Upgraded Office features to improve productivity - 1 TB of Cloud storage Access your documents anywhere Microsoft Office 365 Personal features the whole Office 2016 suite for a single...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac... Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Compatible with Apple Mac
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99
Normal price £119.99
£119.99
£99.00
£99.00
When added to this bundle
Save £20.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac...
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac Close
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student for Mac
Close
Close
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac...
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Product key card
Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Student for Mac...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac... Add
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Compatible with Apple Mac
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00
Normal price £229.99
£229.99
£208.99
£208.99
When added to this bundle
Save £21.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac...
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac Close
MICROSOFT Office Home and Business for Mac
Close
Close
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac...
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card
Compatible with Apple Mac
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Product key card
Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile  - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Microsoft Office Home and Business for Mac...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Normal price £229.99 £208.99 When added to this bundle Save £21.00
Normal price £229.99
£229.99
£208.99
£208.99
When added to this bundle
Save £21.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business Close
MICROSOFT Office Home & Business
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for business use Product key card Full version
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for business use
Product key card
Full version
Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
Add
Add
Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it... Add
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Normal price £119.99 £99.00 When added to this bundle Save £20.99
Normal price £119.99
£119.99
£99.00
£99.00
When added to this bundle
Save £20.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student Close
MICROSOFT Office Home & Student
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Windows PC Licence: 1 user / lifetime Office suite: A complete software package for home use Product key card
Compatible with Windows PC
Licence: 1 user / lifetime
Office suite: A complete software package for home use
Product key card
Top features:  - Word makes document creation simple and versatile - Excel is your go-to spreadsheet software - PowerPoint helps you present with style - OneNote makes capturing notes and ideas easy and organised - Cloud connection lets you access documents remotely Word The new Design tab makes it...
Add
Add
Add
Internet security and antivirus Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Internet security and antivirus
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard... Add
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £5.00
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.00
£20.00
When added to this bundle
Save £5.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Total Protection Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Product key card Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Product key card
Upgrade
McAfee Total Protection Unlimited gives you trusted anti-virus and privacy protection for every device you own. Say goodbye to viruses Protect all your computers, tablets and smartphones from viruses and malware with McAfee Total Protection 2016. Whether your computer is at risk from spyware or unwanted programs, Total Protection 2016 will be on guard...
Add
Add
Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend... Add
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50 Home delivery Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Normal price £25.00 £20.50 When added to this bundle Save £4.50
Normal price £25.00
£25.00
£20.50
£20.50
When added to this bundle
Save £4.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016 Close
MCAFEE Internet Security Unlimited 2016
Close
Close
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online Download Upgrade
Compatible with Windows / OS X / iOS / Android
Licence: Unlimited devices / 1 year
PC protection: Keep your files secure and your PC safe online
Download
Upgrade
Keep all computers, tablets and smartphones safe without the worry of virus or malware infection with McAfee Internet Security Unlimited 2016. Protecting your data Internet Security Unlimited covers an unlimited number of devices, so you can keep all the PCs, Macs, tablets and smartphones you own secure and protected online. Manage all your devices and defend...
Add
Add
Add
Data storage Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add
Data storage
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB... Add
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00 Home delivery Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app
1 year renewable
Backup files & media from 5 devices
Access files via free mobile and tablet app
Normal price £30.00 £20.00 When added to this bundle Save £10.00
Normal price £30.00
£30.00
£20.00
£20.00
When added to this bundle
Save £10.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close 1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service Close
KNOWHOW Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service
Close
Close
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable Backup files & media from 5 devices Access files via free mobile and tablet app Secure storage for your files
1 year renewable
Backup files & media from 5 devices
Access files via free mobile and tablet app
Secure storage for your files
Back up your files and keep them secure with the Knowhow Cloud Storage 2 TB Backup Service. Every cloud has a silver lining If you are concerned about losing those precious memories, important data files and all your favourite music through viral damage, theft or general breakages then look no further than the Knowhow Cloud Backup Service. The Knowhow Cloud 2 TB...
Add
Add
Add
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in... Add
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB
Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage
Connection: Ethernet
Wireless network storage
Personal Cloud storage
Normal price £179.99 £170.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00
Normal price £179.99
£179.99
£170.99
£170.99
When added to this bundle
Save £9.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in...
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB Close
SEAGATE Personal Cloud Home Media Storage - 5 TB
Close
Close
Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in...
Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac
Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac
Connection: Ethernet Wireless network storage Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup Works with PC and Mac
Connection: Ethernet
Wireless network storage
Personal Cloud storage
Automatic backup
Works with PC and Mac
Give your computing setup the advantage of high-capacity cloud storage with the 5 TB Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage. Access music, photos, movies and files anywhere Having a home media storage facility lets you build your own cloud space to access outside your home. It's possible to arrange all your family photos, music, videos and documents in...
Add
Add
Add
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your... Add
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Mobile app available
Personal Cloud storage
Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80
Normal price £159.99
£159.99
£155.19
£155.19
When added to this bundle
Save £4.80
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your...
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB Close
WD My Cloud Personal Cloud Storage - 4 TB
Close
Close
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your...
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Mobile app available Personal Cloud storage Automatic backup
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Mobile app available
Personal Cloud storage
Automatic backup
The multitalented Western Digital My Cloud gives you a cloud storage of your own – save all your important files and documents and access it anywhere using PC, Mac, tablet or smartphone. Full storage convenience The WD My Cloud drive offers a colossal 4 TB of storage space, ample room for a library of photos, music and videos. My Cloud allows you to keep all your...
Add
Add
Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be... Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0
Wireless network storage
Mobile app available
Normal price £159.99 £155.19 When added to this bundle Save £4.80
Normal price £159.99
£159.99
£155.19
£155.19
When added to this bundle
Save £4.80
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Close
Close
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0 Wireless network storage Mobile app available
Connection: USB 3.0
Wireless network storage
Mobile app available
Carry your entire media library with you on the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 2 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 1,000 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be...
Add
Add
Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able... Add
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered
USB 3.0
5400 rpm
Self-powered
Normal price £114.99 £111.54 When added to this bundle Save £3.45
Normal price £114.99
£114.99
£111.54
£111.54
When added to this bundle
Save £3.45
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close
SEAGATE Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
Close
Close
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0 5400 rpm Self-powered Mobile apps DLNA streaming
USB 3.0
5400 rpm
Self-powered
Mobile apps
DLNA streaming
Carry your entire media library with you with the Seagate Wireless Plus Portable Hard Drive. Masses of storage space With 1 TB of storage available, the Seagate Wireless Plus will comfortably house over 500 HD movies or thousands of songs, photos and documents. With up to 10 hours of autonomous battery life you can rest assured that on a long train journey you'll be able...
Add
Add
Add
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders. Add
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Hardware encryption
Carry pouch included
£59.99
£59.99
£59.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders.
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black Close
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive - 1 TB, Black
Close
Close
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders.
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Carry pouch included 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Hardware encryption
Carry pouch included
5 year warranty
The compact Western Digital My Passport Ultra Exclusive Portable Hard Drive delivers fast transfer speeds, automatic data backup and a host of features for convenient portable data storage. Super fast transfer USB 3.0 is capable of far quicker data transfer than previous generations, and makes short work of backing up even the biggest files and folders.
Add
Add
Add
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising... Add
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup £84.99 Home delivery Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Hardware encryption
Automatic backup
£84.99
£84.99
£84.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising...
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black Close
WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Black
Close
Close
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising...
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0 Hardware encryption Automatic backup 5 year warranty
Connection: USB 2.0 & USB 3.0
Hardware encryption
Automatic backup
5 year warranty
Take advantage of high capacity storage on the go with the 2 TB slim WD My Passport Ultra Exclusive Edition. Secure & dependable Add an extra layer of security with 256-bit hardware encryption. My Passport Ultra's hardware-based encryption means it won't impact transfer speed or slow down your computer, so you can get 2 TB of extra storage without compromising...
Add
Add
Add
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing... Add
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80 Home delivery Collect in store
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red
Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included
Connection: USB 3.0
Backup software included
Normal price £79.99 £79.19 When added to this bundle Save £0.80
Normal price £79.99
£79.99
£79.19
£79.19
When added to this bundle
Save £0.80
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing...
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red Close
SEAGATE Backup Plus Portable Hard Drive - 2 TB, Red
Close
Close
Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing...
Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included
Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included
Connection: USB 3.0 Backup software included
Connection: USB 3.0
Backup software included
Back up digital content safely with the red 2 TB Seagate BackupPlus STDR2000203 Portable Hard Drive. Easy to use With a massive capacity, this portable hard drive enables users to store, manage and backup a wide range of digital content. The STDR2000203 features an easy-use, one-click dashboard solution. Providing a quick and intuitive way of rapidly backing...
Add
Add
Add
WiFi range extenders Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
WiFi range extenders
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer... Add
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 £22.49 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
£22.49
£22.49
£22.49
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300 Close
NETGEAR WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Range Extender - N300
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket N300 Single-band (2.4 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
N300
Single-band (2.4 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
The N300 Netgear WN3000RP-200UKS WiFi Booster will turn dead wireless areas into fully connected hotspots so that you can enjoy faster, smoother internet usage at home. Improved N300 WiFi Enhance the range of your current N300 WiFi network for excellent wireless coverage to use devices like iPad, iPods, laptops, smartphones, game consoles and TVs. Now you'll have fewer...
Add
Add
Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled... Add
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 £124.99 Home delivery Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
£124.99
£124.99
£124.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band Close
NETGEAR Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Range Extender - AC 1900, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Desktop range extender AC 1900 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Desktop range extender
AC 1900
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Five Ethernet ports for connecting devices without WiFi
Expand and improve the WiFi coverage in your home with the Netgear Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS WiFi Booster which delivers dual band high speed WiFi. High speeds, wide range The Nighthawk EX7000-100UKS is designed to extend your existing WiFi signal further to cover areas of your home which suffer from a weak signal. You'll be able to connect all your usual WiFi enabled...
Add
Add
Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band... Add
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band Close
BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender - AC 1200, Dual Band
Close
Close
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home Plugs into any spare plug socket AC 1200 Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz) Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Boost your WiFi signal further into your home
Plugs into any spare plug socket
AC 1200
Dual-band (2.4 GHz & 5 GHz)
Ethernet port for wired internet connection
Eradicate WiFi black spots in your home with the BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender. Reach further The BT 11ac WiFi Range Extender picks up your WiFi signal and sends it further into your home - perfect if part of your house suffer poor connectivity. Dual band The 11ac WiFi booster supports dual band WiFi, so you can make the most of your dual band...
Add
Add
Add
Mouse mats Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
Mouse mats
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor... Add
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £54.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface
Thickness: 4 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£54.99
£54.99
£54.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black Close
RAZER Firefly Hard Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface Thickness: 4 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Micro-textured surface
Thickness: 4 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimise your gaming experience with the Razer Firefly Hard Gaming Surface. Micro-textured surface The Firefly features a micro-textured surface for the perfect balance of control and speed, delivering pinpoint accuracy and effortless speed. Ideal for action-packed gaming, the Firefly offers a precise, consistent surface so every mouse movement is translated into cursor...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without... Add
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £12.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Silicone
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£12.99
£12.99
£12.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black Close
MAD CATZ G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Silicone
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Play at your very best with the Mad Catz G.L.I.D.E. TE XL Premium Hybrid Gaming Surface. XL gaming pad No matter what type of mouse you own, the G.L.I.D.E. TE delivers complete control and maximum accuracy for both optical and laser mice thanks to a hybrid of silicone and cloth. This hybrid of materials allows it to be easily rolled up for transport without...
Add
Add
Add
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without... Add
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black Close
ROCCAT Kanga Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Stay in control and game at your best with the Roccat Kanga Gaming Surface. Tested on over 80 gaming mice, the Roccat Kanga is designed to give you smooth and precise movement regardless of the game you're playing. The rubberised backing means it won't slip during even the most intense sessions, while the 32 x 27 cm surface area gives you plenty of space to game without...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in... Add
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£14.99
£14.99
£14.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black Close
CORSAIR MM200 Gaming Surface - Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 2 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 2 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Complete your gaming set up and take control of your gaming with the Corsair MM200 Cloth Gaming Surface in black. Superior control The MM200 boasts a textile-weave surface designed for pixel-precise targeting and low friction tracking. Specifically optimised for optical and laser gaming mice, the gaming surface helps you to achieve your best possible results in...
Add
Add
Add
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that... Add
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place £17.99 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 3 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
£17.99
£17.99
£17.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black Close
RAZER Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface - Green & Black
Close
Close
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth Thickness: 3 mm Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place Optimised for optical and laser mice
Material: Cloth
Thickness: 3 mm
Non-slip rubber backing keeps pad in place
Optimised for optical and laser mice
Featuring a slick, taut weave coating which gives you the maximum levels of speed and accuracy when using your mouse, the Razer Goliathus Omega Speed Fragg 2013 Gaming Surface is ideal for both high intensity gamers and casual users alike. A non-slip rubber coating allows it to stay firmly in place during even the most intense action, while the cloth surface is optimised so that...
Add
Add
Add
Headsets and microphones Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Headsets and microphones
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming... Add
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00 Home delivery Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Retractable microphone
Normal price £89.99 £80.99 When added to this bundle Save £9.00
Normal price £89.99
£89.99
£80.99
£80.99
When added to this bundle
Save £9.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
RAZER Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 Retractable microphone
Connectivity: USB
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Retractable microphone
Customize your gaming style with the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1 Gaming Headset for ultimate control over personalized audio and design. 7.1 advanced virtual surround sound With integrated 7.1 virtual surround sound engine, the Kraken 7.1 Chroma is capable of ultra-low latency audio processing and effectively simulates 360° surround sound for a fully immersive gaming...
Add
Add
Add
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help... Add
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone £49.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with Xbox One
Retractable microphone
£49.99
£49.99
£49.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset Close
TURTLE BEACH Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with Xbox One Retractable microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with Xbox One
Retractable microphone
Got an Xbox One? Complete the epic gaming experience by surrounding yourself with the amazing quality sound the Turtle Beach Ear Force XO One Gaming Headset provides.  Noise isolation for crisper sound Experience a crisp range of sounds thanks to the full range 50 mm speakers. Throw yourself deeper into the game as the ear cup's mesh cushions isolate the sound and help...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart... Add
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
£99.99
£99.99
£99.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket Close
CORSAIR VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset - Yellowjacket
Close
Close
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Controls on earcup
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Compatible with PC
Controls on earcup
Get your head in the game with the advanced Corsair VOID RGB SE Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset featuring a noise-cancelling microphone, so you'll be able to chat freely without getting tangled in cables. The True Form shape provides comfort while you play, with microfiber and memory foam that's ideal for extended play sessions. Stunning sound With 7.1 audio at the heart...
Add
Add
Add
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1... Add
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless £99.99 Home delivery Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
£99.99
£99.99
£99.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
CORSAIR VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless Compatible with PC
Rechargeable
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: 2.4 GHz wireless
Compatible with PC
Don't get left in the dark - the Corsair VOID CA-9011132-EU Wireless 7.1 Gaming Headset outputs detailed surround-style audio with RGB lighting that makes it look as good as it sounds. With technologies including InfoMic and 2.4 GHz wireless, you'll be able to concentrate on your game without distraction. Wonderfully wireless The VOID Headset brings you detailed 7.1...
Add
Add
Add
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to... Add
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
£24.99
£24.99
£24.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red Close
TURTLE BEACH Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset - Black & Red
Close
Close
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac consoles smartphones & tablets
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
consoles
smartphones & tablets
Made for lightweight comfort, the Turtle Beach Earforce Recon 50 2.0 Gaming Headset gives you a more immersive experience and lets you hear the enemy coming for a competitive edge. Stay comfortable while you play With its synthetic leather earcups, the Earforce Recon 50 Gaming Headset makes long play sessions so much more comfortable. They'll snugly surround your ears to...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming... Add
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles £81.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: USB & jack
Compatible with PC & consoles
£81.99
£81.99
£81.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset Close
LOGITECH Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: USB & jack Compatible with PC & consoles In-line volume control
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: USB & jack
Compatible with PC & consoles
In-line volume control
Don't put up with inferior sound when you're gaming - the Logitech Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 7.1 Gaming Headset delivers 7.1 surround sound so you'll hear everything that's going on around you. Serious sound The Artemis Spectrum RGB G633 brings together 7.1 surround sound and Pro-G audio drivers for superb sound no matter what you're playing. With Logitech Gaming...
Add
Add
Add
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it... Add
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
£59.99
£59.99
£59.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset Close
STEELSERIES Siberia 200 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4 In-line volume control Compatible with Skype
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC & Mac & PS4
In-line volume control
Compatible with Skype
Immerse yourself in your gaming experience with the SteelSeries Siberia 200 Gaming Headset. Comfortable gaming The Siberia 200 boasts a headband which evenly spreads the weight of the headset over the entire band rather than focusing the majority of the weight on a single point. This helps to ensure that your gaming experience is a comfortable one, no matter how long it...
Add
Add
Add
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers... Add
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack £26.99 Home delivery Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack
2.0 sound
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
£26.99
£26.99
£26.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close 2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset Close
MAD CATZ F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset
Close
Close
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound Noise-cancelling microphone Connectivity: Jack Compatible with PC Mac
2.0 sound
Noise-cancelling microphone
Connectivity: Jack
Compatible with PC
Mac
Enjoy supreme comfort and stunning sound quality with the Mad Catz F.R.E.Q. 3 Gaming Headset in black. Earth-moving audio You'll experience your games, movies and music in even more sublime detail with these Mad Catz gaming headphones. Booming stereo sound delivers in-game effects, dialogue, inter-player chat and soundtracks in a rich and clear style that will send shivers...
Add
Add
Add
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Delivering your online order
Delivering your online order
Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Get this delivered on a day to suit you
Free delivery:
Next day delivery
Same day delivery
Availability checker
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices
Local stores with stock you can collect from now
Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Stock updates
Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Order online and collect in store
Order online and collect in store
Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
even quicker
you can’t be in
Reserve & Collect
for free
Pay & Collect
for free
Your fastest way
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Product protection
Product protection
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include:
14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck
14 day repair promise
No extra costs
Unlimited repairs
An annual computer healthcheck
Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month.
Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan.
Laptop Care Plan.
Important information and exclusions
Important information and exclusions
Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop.
www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals 8
8
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
any selected Microsoft Office software
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
McAfee LifeSafe Security
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals
Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
one offer
per basket
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details
Deal details
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details
Deal details
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details
Deal details
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details
Deal details
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
£1,199.99 Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black £1,199.99 Add
LENOVO Y70 17.3" Touchscreen Gaming Laptop - Black
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
£1,199.99
Add
Add
Add
Add
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations
Customer services
Customer services
Delivery & Recycling
Delivery & Recycling
Track my Order
Track my Order
Computer set up
Computer set up
Recycling Information
Recycling Information
Returns & Cancellations
Returns & Cancellations
Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies
Shopping with PC World
Shopping with PC World
Order online & collect in store
Order online & collect in store
Price Promise
Price Promise
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Payment & Credit Options
Payment & Credit Options
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us
We're here to help
We're here to help
Product Care Plans
Product Care Plans
Customer Services
Customer Services
Repairs
Repairs
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Contact us
Contact us
Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Store finder
Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store:
Find stores
Find stores
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites
KNOWHOW
PC World Business
PC World Ireland
Currys Partmaster
Currys TechTalk
About DSG Retail Ltd
Corporate site
Careers
PR & Media
Terms & Conditions