
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0 Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Search Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Search
Search
Search
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu Search Stores  Account Basket 0
Menu
Menu
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Stores
Stores
Stores
 Account
 Account
 Account
Account
Basket 0
Basket 0
Basket
0
0
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business? TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Home
Home
Laptops Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops MacBook Laptop accessories Mobile broadband Brand shops Buying for business? Learn more about Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Laptops
Laptops
MacBook
MacBook
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Brand shops
Brand shops
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Desktops Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktops
Desktop PCs PC monitors Projectors Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
Desktop PCs
Desktop PCs
PC monitors
PC monitors
Projectors
Projectors
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad Tablets Smart Tech Mobile Phones Broadband Learn more about eReaders Buying for business? Brand shops Compare broadband deals Clearance Services
iPad
iPad
Tablets
Tablets
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Broadband
Broadband
Learn more about
Learn more about
eReaders
eReaders
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Compare broadband deals
Compare broadband deals
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Software Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software Games Learn more about Buying for business? Brand shop Clearance Services
Software
Software
Games
Games
Learn more about
Learn more about
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Printing Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printing
Printers Paper Scanners Ink & Toner Office supplies Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance Services
Printers
Printers
Paper
Paper
Scanners
Scanners
Ink & Toner
Ink & Toner
Office supplies
Office supplies
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Services
Services
Accessories iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
Accessories
iPad & tablet accessories Smart Tech PC Gaming Webcams PC speakers Laptop accessories Mice and keyboards Dictation Mobile phone accessories Buying for business? Brand shop Learn more about Clearance
iPad & tablet accessories
iPad & tablet accessories
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
PC Gaming
PC Gaming
Webcams
Webcams
PC speakers
PC speakers
Laptop accessories
Laptop accessories
Mice and keyboards
Mice and keyboards
Dictation
Dictation
Mobile phone accessories
Mobile phone accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shop
Brand shop
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Network & Storage Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Network & Storage
Networking Data storage Internal hard drives USB flash drives Smart Tech CD DVD and Blu-ray drives Blank media Mobile broadband Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Clearance
Networking
Networking
Data storage
Data storage
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
USB flash drives
USB flash drives
Smart Tech
Smart Tech
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
CD DVD and Blu-ray drives
Blank media
Blank media
Mobile broadband
Mobile broadband
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Clearance
Clearance
Upgrades Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Upgrades
Components and upgrades Internal hard drives Raspberry Pi Clearance Buying for business?
Components and upgrades
Components and upgrades
Internal hard drives
Internal hard drives
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi
Clearance
Clearance
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
TV, Audio & Photo Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
TV, Audio & Photo
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema Digital & Smart TV Sat nav Gaming Audio & headphones Cameras & Camcorders Photography accessories Buying for business? Brand shops Learn more about Compare digital TV packages Clearance
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
DVD, Blu-ray and home cinema
Digital & Smart TV
Digital & Smart TV
Sat nav
Sat nav
Gaming
Gaming
Audio & headphones
Audio & headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Photography accessories
Photography accessories
Buying for business?
Buying for business?
Brand shops
Brand shops
Learn more about
Learn more about
Compare digital TV packages
Compare digital TV packages
Clearance
Clearance
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops Desktops iPad, Tablets & Mobile Software Printing Accessories Network & Storage Upgrades TV, Audio & Photo
Laptops
Laptops
Desktops
Desktops
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
iPad, Tablets & Mobile
Software
Software
Printing
Printing
Accessories
Accessories
Network & Storage
Network & Storage
Upgrades
Upgrades
TV, Audio & Photo
TV, Audio & Photo
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add
Home › Computing › Laptops › Laptops › IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
Home
Home
›
Computing
Computing
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
Laptops
Laptops
›
IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288 Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop Product code: 164288
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
LENOVO
IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
Product code: 164288
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life
Social: Basic computing on the go
Windows 10
Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060
RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD
Up to 3 hours battery life
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
More info
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£199.99 Save £60.00
£199.99
£199.99
Save £60.00
Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£259.99
(from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Product features
Social: Basic computing on the go Windows 10 Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060 RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD Up to 3 hours battery life
Social: Basic computing on the go
Windows 10
Intel® Celeron™ Processor N3060
RAM: 4 GB / Storage: 500 GB HDD
Up to 3 hours battery life
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop More info
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
More info
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Services brought to you by
Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
Protect your LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop from only £3.50 More info
More info
Create your own bundle ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
Create your own bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 Create your own bundle with up to 5 items Customise bundle
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Create your own bundle with up to 5 items
Customise bundle
Customise bundle
Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8 Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Specification Bundles Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Top deals 8
Product information
Specification
Bundles
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Top deals 8
8
Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.   Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores. Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product information Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  
Product information
Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  
Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  
Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  
Top features: - Intel® Celeron® processor for reliable everyday performance - 500 GB hard drive for all your files and media - Ergonomic design with functional features Social The IdeaPad 110 is part of our Social range, which features great-value laptops designed to keep you connected to what matters. It's ideal for social media, making notes, email, and shopping online. Everyday processing Offering speedy and reliable performance, the IdeaPad 110 is powered by the latest Intel® Celeron® N3060 processor, which is perfect for writing coursework and browsing online. With 4 GB of RAM, the IdeaPad is able to power all your everyday programs. 500 GB storage With a 500 GB hard drive, the IdeaPad is perfect for storing all your photos, videos and music without worrying about running out of room. Functional, comfortable design Designed to maximise productivity and comfort, the Ideapad 110 has a robust hinge that allows for smooth movement over 180 degrees to a flat position. The keyboard is frameless to let you type freely, while the palm rest is textured to help keep your hands in place without slipping. Microsoft Office & Internet security The Lenovo IdeaPad 110 doesn't come with a full version of Microsoft Office or Internet Security. But don't worry, you'll find great savings on software with the bundles available on the ‘Top Deals' tab on this page. ___________________________________________________________________________ Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  
Top features:
Social
IdeaPad 110
Everyday processing
IdeaPad 110
IdeaPad
500 GB storage
IdeaPad
Functional, comfortable design
Ideapad 110
Microsoft Office & Internet security
IdeaPad 110
Specification Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Specification
Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit) SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768 CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Technical specifications for LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
OVERVIEW Type Laptop Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
OVERVIEW
Type Laptop
Type Laptop
Type
Laptop
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating system
Windows 10 (64-bit)
SPECIFICATION Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM) Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm
SPECIFICATION
Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache
Processor - Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache
Processor
- Intel® Celeron® N3060 Processor - Dual-core - 1.6 GHz / 2.48 GHz (Burst) - 2 MB cache
Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM)
Memory (RAM) 4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM)
Memory (RAM)
4 GB DDR3 (8 GB maximum installable RAM)
Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm
Storage 500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm
Storage
500 GB HDD, 5400 rpm
SCREEN Touchscreen No Screen size 15.6" Screen type TN Resolution 1366 x 768
SCREEN
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen No
Touchscreen
No
Screen size 15.6"
Screen size 15.6"
Screen size
15.6"
Screen type TN
Screen type TN
Screen type
TN
Resolution 1366 x 768
Resolution 1366 x 768
Resolution
1366 x 768
CONNECTIVITY Wireless 802.11 ac Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1 Video interface HDMI x 1 Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
CONNECTIVITY
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless 802.11 ac
Wireless
802.11 ac
Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet
Ethernet 10/100 Ethernet
Ethernet
10/100 Ethernet
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0
Bluetooth
Bluetooth 4.0
USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB - USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
USB
- USB 3.0 x 1 - USB 2.0 x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface HDMI x 1
Video interface
HDMI x 1
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface 3.5 mm jack
Audio interface
3.5 mm jack
MEDIA Optical disc drive DVD/RW Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
MEDIA
Optical disc drive DVD/RW
Optical disc drive DVD/RW
Optical disc drive
DVD/RW
Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader 4-in-1 memory card reader
Memory card reader
4-in-1 memory card reader
SOUND Sound Dolby Audio Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
SOUND
Sound Dolby Audio
Sound Dolby Audio
Sound
Dolby Audio
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers Integrated stereo speakers
Speakers
Integrated stereo speakers
FEATURES Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam Microphone Yes Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad Security features Kensington security lock slot
FEATURES
Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam
Camera Integrated 0.3 MP webcam
Camera
Integrated 0.3 MP webcam
Microphone Yes
Microphone Yes
Microphone
Yes
Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad Multitouch trackpad
Mouse / trackpad
Multitouch trackpad
Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad
Keyboard Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad
Keyboard
Full-size keyboard with numeric keypad
Security features Kensington security lock slot
Security features Kensington security lock slot
Security features
Kensington security lock slot
POWER Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer Battery life Up to 3 hours
POWER
Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer
Battery type 3-cell Lithium-polymer
Battery type
3-cell Lithium-polymer
Battery life Up to 3 hours
Battery life Up to 3 hours
Battery life
Up to 3 hours
GENERAL Colour Black Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D) Weight 2.2 kg Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
GENERAL
Colour Black
Colour Black
Colour
Black
Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual
Box contents - Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual
Box contents
- Lenovo IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop - Power adapter - User manual
Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions 22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D)
Dimensions
22.9 x 378 x 245 mm (H x W x D)
Weight 2.2 kg
Weight 2.2 kg
Weight
2.2 kg
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee 1 year
Manufacturer’s guarantee
1 year
Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Software included * Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Software included
* Full version of Microsoft Office not included * Full version of anti-virus / internet security not included - Lenovo Solution Center - Lenovo SHAREit - Lenovo REACHit - Power2Go Blu-ray Disc/DVD - PowerDVD 10 Blu-ray Disc/DVD - Lenovo Photo Master 2.0 - McAfee LiveSafe - Lenovo OneKey Recovery
Bundles Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Bundles
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Build your own bundle You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice Select up to 5 items from the tabs below ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Build your own bundle
You could save money by choosing extra items with your purchase - look out for great savings on some products when added as part of the bundle You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
You can choose some items more than once - just click the "add" button twice
Select up to 5 items from the tabs below
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6 IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
ITEM 2 ITEM 3 ITEM 4 ITEM 5 ITEM 6
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
ITEM 2
2
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
ITEM 3
3
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
ITEM 4
4
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
ITEM 5
5
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
ITEM 6
6
IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
£199.99
£199.99
Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Laptop bags and cases Mice Keyboards Mice and keyboard packages
Laptop bags and cases
Laptop bags and cases
Mice
Mice
Keyboards
Keyboards
Mice and keyboard packages
Mice and keyboard packages
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Laptop bags and cases Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add
Laptop bags and cases
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents... Add
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Storage pocket Water repellent Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50 Home delivery Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket
Water repellent
Normal price £29.99 £22.49 When added to this bundle Save £7.50
Normal price £29.99
£29.99
£22.49
£22.49
When added to this bundle
Save £7.50
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black Close
HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve - Black
Close
Close
Storage pocket Water repellent Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket Water repellent
Storage pocket
Water repellent
Look after your laptop with the stylish HP 15.6" Ultrabook™ Sleeve, designed to protect your Ultrabook™ everywhere you go. With a slim and practical design, the Ultrabook™ sleeve still offers impressive protection for your computer. The water-resistant exterior is ideal for when you're out and about on rainy days, while the faux-fur lining prevents...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £15.99 £11.99 When added to this bundle Save £4.00
Normal price £15.99
£15.99
£11.99
£11.99
When added to this bundle
Save £4.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue Close
GOJI GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Blue
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPBL15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in blue is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black Close
GOJI GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Black
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the black Goji GSBPBK15 15.6" Laptop Backpack is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to... Add
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Polyester Storage pocket Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester
Storage pocket
Normal price £19.99 £13.99 When added to this bundle Save £6.00
Normal price £19.99
£19.99
£13.99
£13.99
When added to this bundle
Save £6.00
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black Close
LOGIK L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Wireless Mouse & Screen Wipes - Black
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pocket Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester Storage pocket
Polyester
Storage pocket
Top features: - Practical transport for your 15.6” laptop - Includes a wireless mouse and USB nano accessory - Keep your screen clean with screen wipes Practical transport Stay ready for work wherever you are with this Logik L15BUN16 15.6" Laptop Case with Mouse & Screen Wipes. The polyester case holds laptops up to...
Add
Add
Add
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets... Add
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Storage pockets Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24 Home delivery Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Normal price £24.97 £18.73 When added to this bundle Save £6.24
Normal price £24.97
£24.97
£18.73
£18.73
When added to this bundle
Save £6.24
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow Close
HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack - Black & Yellow
Close
Close
Storage pockets Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Take your technology with you wherever you go with the HP Sport 15.6” Laptop Backpack. The HP Sport Backpack's main pocket offers plenty of space to store a 15.6” laptop securely while out and about. A smaller pocket is specifically designed for tablets and eReaders and features a microfibre lining to reduce scratching and preserve the screen. Side pockets...
Add
Add
Add
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your... Add
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Polyester Storage pockets Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red Close
GOJI GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Red
Close
Close
Polyester Storage pockets Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester Storage pockets
Polyester
Storage pockets
Practical and stylish, the Goji GSBPRE15 15.6" Laptop Backpack in red is ideal for carrying all your essentials. The internal slip pocket is designed to hold and protect laptops up to 15.6” for easy transportation, while the front accessory pockets provide quick access to smaller items. A rubber headphone port allows you to keep your music player or smartphone in your...
Add
Add
Add
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features... Add
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Storage pockets Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Normal price £19.97 £14.98 When added to this bundle Save £4.99
Normal price £19.97
£19.97
£14.98
£14.98
When added to this bundle
Save £4.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features...
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey Close
HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack - Grey
Close
Close
Storage pockets Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features...
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Storage pockets
Keep your tablet or laptop close at hand no matter where you are with the HP K0B39AA 15.6" Laptop Backpack. With a spacious front pocket that can be accessed by the vertical zip, as well as spacious storage inside the main compartment, there is enough room for you to keep all your computing essentials with you. Designed for comfort, the HP K0B39AA features...
Add
Add
Add
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the... Add
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Neoprene Waterproof Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene
Waterproof
Normal price £16.99 £12.74 When added to this bundle Save £4.25
Normal price £16.99
£16.99
£12.74
£12.74
When added to this bundle
Save £4.25
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black Close
LOGIK L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve - Black
Close
Close
Neoprene Waterproof This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene Waterproof
Neoprene
Waterproof
This Logik L15NBK11 15.6" Laptop Sleeve in black is a resilient sleeve made to protect your laptop or Macbook from bumps, scratches and the elements. Neoprene is known for its robustness and its density is optimised to provide a cushioning effect for your notebook protecting it from light shocks. Water resistant in nature, the material is also ideal for protection against the...
Add
Add
Add
Mice Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add
Mice
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add
Choose up to 5 item(s) from this category
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no... Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
Normal price £11.99 £10.79 When added to this bundle Save £1.20
Normal price £11.99
£11.99
£10.79
£10.79
When added to this bundle
Save £1.20
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red Close
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Red
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
The Logitech M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a great device for any computer user, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. A mouse to be reckoned with! Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargeable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 10
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple Close
ADVENT AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Purple
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 10
Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLPP15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLPP15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and... Add
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 10
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close
ADVENT AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10 Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 10
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 10
Designed for responsive and precise tracking, the Advent AMWLRD15 Wireless Optical Mouse complements any computer. Wireless connectivity Featuring a tiny USB Nano-receiver that sits inside a USB port, the Advent AMWLRD15 easily connects to your tablet or computer via a fast and powerful 2.4 GHz connection. No software is required for the wireless connection and...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up... Add
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel £24.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
2 year battery life
Scroll wheel
£24.99
£24.99
£24.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up...
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red Close
LOGITECH M320 Wireless Optical Mouse - Red
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 2 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
2 year battery life
Scroll wheel
The Logitech M320 Wireless Optical Mouse is a simple mouse designed for comfort. Smooth control Thanks to the Logitech's advanced optical sensor, the M320 gives you smooth cursor control and precise tracking. Its wide scroll wheel makes scrolling easier so you can get to work in no time. Wireless capability The Logitech M320 has up...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the... Add
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £11.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
£11.99
£11.99
£11.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the...
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey Close
LOGITECH M185 Wireless Optical Mouse - Grey
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
The M185 Wireless Optical Mouse is a brilliantly versatile accessory, and as Logitech are the global market leaders for these devices, you are also guaranteed absolute reliability. Benefitting from a one-year battery life, the rechargable Logitech M185 has a sleep mode and on/off switch to conserve power. With no software required for installation, you are able to plug in the...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or... Add
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
£19.99
£19.99
£19.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or...
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver Close
LOGITECH M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse - Black & Silver
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Scroll wheel
For pocket-sized computer operation look no further than the Logitech M187 Mini Wireless Optical Mouse. It really is small The Logitech M187 Mouse is impressively small, fitting in the palm of your hand ready to go wherever you go. If you are restricted for space then this mouse is ideal as it is so small it'll easily fit in your purse, slim laptop bag or...
Add
Add
Add
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and... Add
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel £14.99 Home delivery Collect in store
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
£14.99
£14.99
£14.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and...
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black Close
HP X3500 Wireless Optical Mouse - Black
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz 1 year battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
1 year battery life
Scroll wheel
Work on your computer with no wires getting in the way with the sleek and lightweight HP X3500 Wireless Laser Mouse. A model mouse Equipped with a laser sensor which provides an accurate response when moving over most flat surfaces, the X3500 is a perfect companion for laptop computers, letting you seamlessly navigate through menus and windows with precision and...
Add
Add
Add
Keyboards Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add
Keyboards
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add
Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you... Add
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard
Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design
Full-size keyboard
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you...
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard Close
ADVENT AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard
Close
Close
Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you...
Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design
Full-size keyboard
Type and work comfortably on the Advent AKBWL15 Wireless Keyboard, featuring an ergonomic design and multimedia keys. Wireless convenience It's much easier to position your Advent AKBWL15 Keyboard since it uses 2.4 GHz wireless technology, with a neat nano receiver to enable a connection. You'll enjoy a little extra room and flexibility on your desktop, and you...
Add
Add
Add
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design... Add
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 £23.99 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard
Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8
Ergonomic design
Up to 6 months battery life
Compatible with Windows 8
£23.99
£23.99
£23.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design...
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard Close
SANDSTROM SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard
Close
Close
Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design...
Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design Up to 6 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Ergonomic design
Up to 6 months battery life
Compatible with Windows 8
Full-size keyboard
The Sandstrom SKBWLTP15 Wireless Keyboard is portable and free from messy cables. With a slim black design, the SKBWLTP15 looks good in any home or office. It's completely cable free, so you can keep your desk clear or take it with you when you're working away. The built-in trackpad works just like a mouse for great control on screen. What's more, its ergonomic design...
Add
Add
Add
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the... Add
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 £15.99 Home delivery Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard
Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8
Up to 2 months battery life
USB rechargeable
Compatible with Windows 8
£15.99
£15.99
£15.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the...
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard Close
SANDSTROM SKBSWITCH15 Wireless Keyboard
Close
Close
Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the...
Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard
Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard
Up to 2 months battery life USB rechargeable Compatible with Windows 8 Compact keyboard
Up to 2 months battery life
USB rechargeable
Compatible with Windows 8
Compact keyboard
Consider Sandstrom's SKBS0WITCH15 Wireless Keyboard for flexible, comfortable computing on the go. Compact and perfectly portable The ultra-slim, lightweight design helps to save space in your laptop case, whilst keeping it manageable to carry. The cool, black-grey design looks great with any computer model. Quiet, easy typing Thanks to the...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email... Add
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver
Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Up to 4 months battery life
Compatible with Windows 8
Full-size keyboard
£19.99
£19.99
£19.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email...
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver Close
ADVENT AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard - Blue & Silver
Close
Close
Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email...
Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Up to 4 months battery life Compatible with Windows 8 Full-size keyboard
Up to 4 months battery life
Compatible with Windows 8
Full-size keyboard
Free your desk from trailing wires with the Advent AKBWLBL15 Wireless Keyboard in stylish blue and silver. The AKBWLBL15 uses a 2.4 GHz wireless connection with a USB nano receiver for use with PCs or Macs, keeping your desktop looking neat and tidy. Multimedia hot keys provide quick access to controls, such as play/pause music, adjust volume or start the default email...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is... Add
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Full-size keyboard Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black
Full-size keyboard
Full-size keyboard
Normal price £5.99 £4.50 When added to this bundle Save £1.49
Normal price £5.99
£5.99
£4.50
£4.50
When added to this bundle
Save £1.49
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is...
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black Close
ADVENT K112 Keyboard - Black
Close
Close
Full-size keyboard If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is...
Full-size keyboard
Full-size keyboard
Full-size keyboard
Full-size keyboard
If you're looking for a replacement for your old, worn keyboard, the Advent K112 Keyboard is a great choice. Comfortable design It offers a full-sized keyboard with standard key profile and numerical pad for ease of use. The shape and design of the keyboard make it comfortable to use. The high quality Advent K112 Keyboard is functional and affordable – and is...
Add
Add
Add
Mice and keyboard packages Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Mice and keyboard packages
Build your own bundle - Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category. LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
Choose up to 1 item(s) from this category
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size... Add
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse £59.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 3 years battery life
Laser mouse
£59.99
£59.99
£59.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size...
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
LOGITECH MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Laser mouse Hyperfast scrolling Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 3 years battery life
Laser mouse
Hyperfast scrolling
Compatible with Windows 8
The Logitech MK620 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the perfect partner for your desktop PC, including an easy to use keyboard and a wireless mouse that's comfortable to use. Type with ease The full-size keyboard includes all the features you'll need for everyday computing, and is full-sized for comfortable typing. Marvellous mouse The full size...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure... Add
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel £34.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 3 years battery life
Scroll wheel
£34.99
£34.99
£34.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure...
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
LOGITECH MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 3 years battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 3 years battery life
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 8
The Logitech MK345 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set is the ideal pair for home or office use. Wireless freedom Both the MK345 keyboard and mouse use the advanced 2.4 GHz wireless connection for the ultimate convenience. Wireless connectivity also saves you using two extra USB ports, giving you greater freedom. You'll be able to establish a strong and secure...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI... Add
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 130 hours battery life
Scroll wheel
£19.99
£19.99
£19.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI...
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
ADVENT ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8 Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 130 hours battery life Scroll wheel Compatible with Windows 8
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 130 hours battery life
Scroll wheel
Compatible with Windows 8
Free your desk from wires with the Advent ADESKWL15 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. The full-size keyboard with numeric keypad features multimedia hot keys for easy access to your computer functions such as controlling your music, or opening folders or applications. Easily scroll and navigate web pages or documents with the wireless mouse, which features adjustable DPI...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120... Add
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £19.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
£19.99
£19.99
£19.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120...
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
LOGITECH MK120 Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Scroll wheel The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120...
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
The low-profile Logitech MK120 Keyboard and Mouse Set offers comfortable and efficient features that will prove to be a valuable addition to your PC. Oh so quiet The MK120 Keyboard boasts whisper-quiet keys for smooth operation and a standard layout with full-size F-keys and number pad for fuss-free functionality. Easily adjustable The MK-120...
Add
Add
Add
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key... Add
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Scroll wheel £9.99 Home delivery Collect in store
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
£9.99
£9.99
£9.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key...
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
ADVENT C112 Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Scroll wheel Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key...
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
Scroll wheel
Set yourself up for premium desktop computing with the Advent C112 Keyboard and Mouse Set.   Designed for quality and comfort   This high quality Mouse and Keyboard Set benefits from a comfortable shape and design that promotes ambidextrous use. The mouse weighs less than 100 grams, so you barely notice it as you move it over your desktop, while the keyboard features a standard key...
Add
Add
Add
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both... Add
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse £22.99 Home delivery Collect in store
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 2 years battery life
Optical mouse
£22.99
£22.99
£22.99
Home delivery Collect in store
Home delivery
Collect in store
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both...
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set Close
LOGITECH Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set
Close
Close
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both...
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz Up to 2 years battery life Optical mouse Scroll wheel
Connection: Wireless 2.4 GHz
Up to 2 years battery life
Optical mouse
Scroll wheel
Enjoy the wonder of wireless with the smart-looking Logitech Combo MK270 Wireless Keyboard & Mouse Set. Working without wires The Combo MK270 keyboard and mouse use 2.4 GHz wireless technology, providing a reliable and secure connection without dropouts or delays. It has a 10 metre range, and uses the compact Logitech Unifying reciever, which recieves the signal for both...
Add
Add
Add
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivery, Order & Collect and Services
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again. Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Delivering your online order Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Delivering your online order
Delivering your online order
Get this delivered on a day to suit you At PC World we deliver 7 days a week. Choose from: Free delivery: within 5 working days and available on all orders. No minimum spend required. Next day delivery (from £3.95): on orders placed before 9pm Monday-Friday, or 4pm on weekends. Tell us your mobile number and on the day of the delivery we'll text you to say what time your order will be with you. Same day delivery (£3.95): exclusively for selected addresses in Greater London. Simply place your order before 9:30am Monday-Friday and receive it that evening between 6:30pm and 10:30pm. Availability checkerHow and when can you get hold of your selections? Finding out should be quick and easy, so with just a few clicks our Availability Checker shows you: Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later To use our Availability Checker, simply: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket Stock updatesFind something you want but it’s not in stock? On the item’s product page, simply click on ‘Email me when back in stock’, and let us have your email address. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s available again.
Get this delivered on a day to suit you
Free delivery:
Next day delivery
Same day delivery
Availability checker
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices Local stores with stock you can collect from now Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Delivery dates, time-slots and prices
Local stores with stock you can collect from now
Local stores you can get items sent to for you to collect later
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the delivery and collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Stock updates
Order online and collect in store Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Order online and collect in store
Order online and collect in store
Sometimes you’ll want something even quicker than we can deliver. Or you can’t be in when our van or courier would arrive. That’s why we offer you the option to order online and collect in store. Subject to what you’re ordering and where you want to collect from, you can: Reserve & Collect – reserve online for free and collect at a local store as soon as you like. Once reserved, your item’s held till closing time the next day, to be paid for when you collect. Pay & Collect – pay online, and have the item sent, for free, from our warehouse to a local store for you to collect. Starting on the date the item arrives in store – which you choose in checkout – you have 28 days to collect it. Your fastest way to order online for collection is to use our ‘Availability Checker’ feature: Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
even quicker
you can’t be in
Reserve & Collect
for free
Pay & Collect
for free
Your fastest way
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected Click on the magnifying glass Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Enter a town or postcode in the box on the product page for an item you’ve selected
Click on the magnifying glass
Review the collection options local to you – just click on any one to add it to your basket
Product protection For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Product protection
Product protection
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include: 14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month. Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan. Important information and exclusions Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop. 14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
For peace of mind our Care Plan service protects your laptop if it develops a fault or breaks down, even as the result of a mishap. Additional benefits include:
14 day repair promise No extra costs Unlimited repairs An annual computer healthcheck
14 day repair promise
No extra costs
Unlimited repairs
An annual computer healthcheck
Just add ‘Care Plan’ at the basket page or ask in store for details; charges apply. Customers selecting a monthly Care Plan will have the payment debited from their chosen card every month.
Learn more about the benefits of our Laptop Care Plan.
Laptop Care Plan.
Important information and exclusions
Important information and exclusions
Compare prices of extended warranties for electrical goods at www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk from any internet enabled mobile device, smart phone, PC or laptop.
www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
14 day repair promise starts from when we collect your item or when you drop your item to one of our stores.
Top deals 8 Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals 8
8
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Product offers
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any laptop
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any laptop to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
any selected Microsoft Office software
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 off McAfee LiveSafe Security when you buy with any laptop
Add McAfee LifeSafe Security with any laptop to your basket and save £60. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
McAfee LifeSafe Security
Top deals Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout. Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Top deals
Only one offer can be applied per basket, so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
one offer
per basket
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers. Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Microsoft Office eLearning package from Knowhow only £30 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Microsoft Office to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Windows 10 eLearning package from Knowhow only £15 when you buy any laptop or desktop. Deal details
Deal details
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add Knowhow eLearning for Windows 10 to basket. Offer will be applied automatically at checkout. Home delivery & download orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet Deal details
Deal details
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add a Microsoft Office software with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save 25% off the marked price on any laptop case when you buy with any laptop. Deal details
Deal details
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any laptop case with any laptop to the basket. Discount will be added automatically at checkout. Home delivery orders only. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £20 off Microsoft Office when you buy with any computer Deal details
Deal details
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Add any selected Microsoft Office software with any computer to your basket and save £20. Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery orders. For reserve & collect orders, please ask in store. Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Save £60 on MCAFEE LiveSafe Unlimited 2016 when bought with any PC, Mac, iPad or tablet. Deal details
Deal details
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
Discount will be automatically applied at checkout for home delivery and download orders. Subject to availability. Not available in conjunction with any other offers.
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check. Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£199.99 Save £60.00
£199.99
£199.99
Save £60.00
Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£259.99
(from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
Add to basket More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Add to basket
Add to basket
Add to basket
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info Looks like there was a problem checking your location Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
More info FREE delivery available More info Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
More info
More info
More info
FREE delivery available More info
More info
More info
Available to Order Online & Collect in Store from next day   More info
 
 
More info
More info
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Looks like there was a problem checking your location
Let's show you Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from All local to you
Delivery dates and prices Stores you can collect from
Delivery dates and prices
Stores you can collect from
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location or Use my current location
Checking ...... Change location
Checking ......
Checking ......
Change location
Change location
or Use my current location
or
Use my current location
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly? Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Sorry we couldn't find that location; are you sure you entered it correctly?
Need help? Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Need help?
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options: Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available: Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Let's locate you
We can’t find that location, so please choose from these options:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses. Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000. Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Check your spelling and try again. We can accept the most common abbreviations for addresses.
Tell us if you’re looking for the address of a new property, as we may not have its postcode on our records yet. To do this, call us on 0344 561 0000.
Visit http://www.royalmail.com if you think the postcode details you’re entering may be wrong. Or call 0344 561 0000 to speak to one of our sales team. They’re available:
Monday to Friday: 8am to 8pm Saturday: 9am to 6pm Sunday: 10am to 5 pm
In a very few cases, our location checker may not recognise an existing town or postcode. If you’re sure you’ve entered it correctly, go back to the product page, and click on ‘Add to basket’. We’ll then use our back-up system to do an enhanced check.
Get it delivered Collect in store Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Get it delivered Collect in store
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Get it delivered
Collect in store
Collect in store
Collect in store
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’ See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead See collect-in-store options instead
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates Free Free delivery within 5 working days Show delivery dates Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
Yes, we deliver to Change location Continue shopping Back to home
Yes, we deliver to
Change location
Change location
Continue shopping Back to home
Continue shopping
Back to home
Back to home
Back to home
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either: Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
We can't split orders across different towns or postcodes, so please either:
Change the location for this new selection to , OR Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Change the location for this new selection to , OR
Change the location for the item(s) already in your basket to
Pick a date and time that suits you Earliest delivery date available June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected Searching for delivery dates
Pick a date and time that suits you
Earliest delivery date available
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June MO TU WE TH FR SA SU Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
June
June
MO TU WE TH FR SA SU
MO
TU
WE
TH
FR
SA
SU
Unavailable to select Available to pick Currently selected
Unavailable to select
Unavailable to select
Available to pick
Available to pick
Currently selected
Currently selected
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Searching for delivery dates
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free Free delivery within 5 working days
Free
Free
Free delivery within 5 working days
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Show delivery dates
Sorry, we can’t check for delivery dates just now. Click on ‘Add to basket’
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
See collect-in-store options instead
See collect-in-store
Change location PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores. See delivery options instead See delivery options instead
Change location
Change location
Change location
Change location
PC World, Carphone Warehouse and Currys make up our family of stores.
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
See delivery options instead
See delivery options
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop £199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16) Add
LENOVO IdeaPad 110 15.6" Laptop
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£199.99 Save £60.00 Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
£199.99 Save £60.00
£199.99
£199.99
Save £60.00
Was £259.99 (from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
(from 19/07/16 to 25/08/16)
Add
Add
Add
Add
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Customer services Delivery & Recycling Track my Order Computer set up Recycling Information Returns & Cancellations
Customer services
Customer services
Delivery & Recycling
Delivery & Recycling
Track my Order
Track my Order
Computer set up
Computer set up
Recycling Information
Recycling Information
Returns & Cancellations
Returns & Cancellations
Shopping with PC World Order online & collect in store Price Promise Gift Cards Payment & Credit Options Privacy & Cookies
Shopping with PC World
Shopping with PC World
Order online & collect in store
Order online & collect in store
Price Promise
Price Promise
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Payment & Credit Options
Payment & Credit Options
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We're here to help Product Care Plans Customer Services Repairs Buying Guides Contact us
We're here to help
We're here to help
Product Care Plans
Product Care Plans
Customer Services
Customer Services
Repairs
Repairs
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Contact us
Contact us
Store finder Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store: Find stores
Store finder
Enter your postcode to find your nearest PC World store:
Find stores
Find stores
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites KNOWHOW | PC World Business | PC World Ireland | Currys Partmaster | Currys TechTalk | About DSG Retail Ltd Corporate site | Careers | PR & Media © DSG Retail Limited. DSG Retail Ltd, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Company registration number: 504877, VAT number: 226 6599 33 Terms & Conditions
Our other websites
KNOWHOW
PC World Business
PC World Ireland
Currys Partmaster
Currys TechTalk
About DSG Retail Ltd
Corporate site
Careers
PR & Media
Terms & Conditions