
Skip to main content Skip to accessibility help Customer Services: 03456 049 049 Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00 Search 0 items: £0.00 Checkout link Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers Close dropdown Do you want to remove this item? remove Cancel Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket. Please enter a number for the value Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide Close We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States Close Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country? Delivering to United Kingdom? Close We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016 Close Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters Back to previous results Close popup We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Skip to main content Skip to accessibility help Customer Services: 03456 049 049 Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00 Search 0 items: £0.00 Checkout link Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers Close dropdown Do you want to remove this item? remove Cancel Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket. Please enter a number for the value Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide Close We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States Close Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country? Delivering to United Kingdom? Close We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Skip to main content Skip to accessibility help Customer Services: 03456 049 049 Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00 Search 0 items: £0.00 Checkout link Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers Close dropdown Do you want to remove this item? remove Cancel Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket. Please enter a number for the value Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide Close We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States Close Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country? Delivering to United Kingdom? Close We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Skip to main content Skip to accessibility help
Skip to main content
Skip to accessibility help
Customer Services: 03456 049 049
Customer Services: 03456 049 049
Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00 Search 0 items: £0.00 Checkout link Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers Close dropdown Do you want to remove this item? remove Cancel Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket. Please enter a number for the value Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product
Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00 Search 0 items: £0.00 Checkout link
Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister My AccountMy Account My Wish ListMy Wish List
Sign InSign In  or  RegisterRegister
Sign In
Sign In
Register
Register
My AccountMy Account
My Account
My Account
My Wish ListMy Wish List
My Wish List
My Wish List
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services | UK £0.00 £1,000.00
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card| John Lewis Insurance| Gift List | Inspiration & advice| Our shops| Customer services
Partnership Card|
Partnership Card
|
John Lewis Insurance|
John Lewis Insurance
|
Gift List |
Gift List
|
Inspiration & advice|
Inspiration & advice
|
Our shops|
Our shops
|
Customer services
Customer services
| UK
| UK
| UK
|
UK
UK
£0.00
£1,000.00
Search
Search
Search
Search
0 items: £0.00 Checkout link
0 items: £0.00 Checkout link
0 items: £0.00 Checkout link
0 items: £0.00
0 items: £0.00
0 items: £0.00
Checkout
Checkout
link
link
Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers Close dropdown
Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers
Christmas Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets
Christmas
Christmas
Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets
Decorations Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations
Decorations
Christmas Trees Baubles & Tree Decorations Christmas Lights Advent Calendars Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance Stockings & Sacks Crackers Wreaths & Garlands Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations All Decorations
Christmas Trees
Christmas Trees
Baubles & Tree Decorations
Baubles & Tree Decorations
Christmas Lights
Christmas Lights
Advent Calendars
Advent Calendars
Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance
Christmas Candles, Holders & Fragrance
Stockings & Sacks
Stockings & Sacks
Crackers
Crackers
Wreaths & Garlands
Wreaths & Garlands
Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations
Table Top, Mantel & Room Decorations
All Decorations
All Decorations
Christmas Themes Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism
Christmas Themes
Ruskin House Snowshill Chamonix Ostravia Helsinki Grand Tour Shangri-La Tourism
Ruskin House
Ruskin House
Snowshill
Snowshill
Chamonix
Chamonix
Ostravia
Ostravia
Helsinki
Helsinki
Grand Tour
Grand Tour
Shangri-La
Shangri-La
Tourism
Tourism
Craft, Cards & Wrap Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons
Craft, Cards & Wrap
Christmas Cards Christmas Crafts Christmas Wrapping Paper Christmas Gift Bags Christmas Tissue Paper Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons
Christmas Cards
Christmas Cards
Christmas Crafts
Christmas Crafts
Christmas Wrapping Paper
Christmas Wrapping Paper
Christmas Gift Bags
Christmas Gift Bags
Christmas Tissue Paper
Christmas Tissue Paper
Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon
Christmas Tags, Bows & Ribbon
View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons
View all Christmas Gift Wrap, Bags & Ribbons
Gifts by Recipient Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets
Gifts by Recipient
Gifts For Her Gifts For Him Gifts For Couples Gifts For Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts For Babies Gifts For New Parents Gifts for Pets
Gifts For Her
Gifts For Her
Gifts For Him
Gifts For Him
Gifts For Couples
Gifts For Couples
Gifts For Grandparents
Gifts For Grandparents
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts For Babies
Gifts For Babies
Gifts For New Parents
Gifts For New Parents
Gifts for Pets
Gifts for Pets
Home & Garden Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth
Home & Garden
Home & Garden
Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth
Room Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory
Room
Bedroom Bathroom Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Utility Room Office Children's Room Nursery Hallway Garden & Conservatory
Bedroom
Bedroom
Bathroom
Bathroom
Living Room
Living Room
Dining Room
Dining Room
Kitchen
Kitchen
Utility Room
Utility Room
Office
Office
Children's Room
Children's Room
Nursery
Nursery
Hallway
Hallway
Garden & Conservatory
Garden & Conservatory
Furniture Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture
Furniture
Sofas & Armchairs Sofa Beds Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Dining Tables Dining Chairs Storage Coffee Tables Office Desks All Furniture
Sofas & Armchairs
Sofas & Armchairs
Sofa Beds
Sofa Beds
Beds
Beds
Mattresses
Mattresses
Wardrobes
Wardrobes
Dining Tables
Dining Tables
Dining Chairs
Dining Chairs
Storage
Storage
Coffee Tables
Coffee Tables
Office Desks
Office Desks
All Furniture
All Furniture
Cooking & Dining Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs
Cooking & Dining
Cookware Pots & Pans Baking Tableware Cutlery Glassware Table Linen & Accessories Barware Roasting Kitchen Bins BBQs
Cookware
Cookware
Pots & Pans
Pots & Pans
Baking
Baking
Tableware
Tableware
Cutlery
Cutlery
Glassware
Glassware
Table Linen & Accessories
Table Linen & Accessories
Barware
Barware
Roasting
Roasting
Kitchen Bins
Kitchen Bins
BBQs
BBQs
Home Furnishings Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring
Home Furnishings
Curtains & Poles Blinds Bedding Towels Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws Fabrics Rugs Wallpapers Paints DIY & Home Decorating Carpets & Flooring
Curtains & Poles
Curtains & Poles
Blinds
Blinds
Bedding
Bedding
Towels
Towels
Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws
Cushions, Bean Bags & Throws
Fabrics
Fabrics
Rugs
Rugs
Wallpapers
Wallpapers
Paints
Paints
DIY & Home Decorating
DIY & Home Decorating
Carpets & Flooring
Carpets & Flooring
Home Accessories Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance
Home Accessories
Lighting Decorative Accessories Pictures Mirrors Photo Frames Clocks Stationery Wastepaper Bins Vases Artificial Flowers & Plants Candles & Home Fragrance
Lighting
Lighting
Decorative Accessories
Decorative Accessories
Pictures
Pictures
Mirrors
Mirrors
Photo Frames
Photo Frames
Clocks
Clocks
Stationery
Stationery
Wastepaper Bins
Wastepaper Bins
Vases
Vases
Artificial Flowers & Plants
Artificial Flowers & Plants
Candles & Home Fragrance
Candles & Home Fragrance
Highlights 20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth
Highlights
20% off selected Cole & Mason 20% off selected Mason Cash 10% off selected LSA 10% off JAY-BE Beds Winter Duvets New in: Lighting New in: Cushions New in: Headboards AW16 Trends The Edit: Winter Warmth
20% off selected Cole & Mason
20% off selected Cole & Mason
20% off selected Mason Cash
20% off selected Mason Cash
10% off selected LSA
10% off selected LSA
10% off JAY-BE Beds
10% off JAY-BE Beds
Winter Duvets
Winter Duvets
New in: Lighting
New in: Lighting
New in: Cushions
New in: Cushions
New in: Headboards
New in: Headboards
AW16 Trends
AW16 Trends
The Edit: Winter Warmth
The Edit: Winter Warmth
Electricals Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers
Electricals
Electricals
Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers
Sound & Vision Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars
Sound & Vision
Televisions DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers Headphones Cameras & Camcorders Binoculars
Televisions
Televisions
DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars
DVD, Blu-ray, Home Cinema & Sound Bars
Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices
Freeview, FreeSat, Digital Recorders & Streaming Devices
TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories
TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories
Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers
Hi-Fi, Audio & Speakers
Headphones
Headphones
Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders
Binoculars
Binoculars
Computing iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders
Computing
iPad & Tablets Laptops & MacBooks Desktop PCs & iMacs Monitors & Projectors Computer & Tablet Accessories Printers & Ink Networking & Broadband Gaming Software eReaders
iPad & Tablets
iPad & Tablets
Laptops & MacBooks
Laptops & MacBooks
Desktop PCs & iMacs
Desktop PCs & iMacs
Monitors & Projectors
Monitors & Projectors
Computer & Tablet Accessories
Computer & Tablet Accessories
Printers & Ink
Printers & Ink
Networking & Broadband
Networking & Broadband
Gaming
Gaming
Software
Software
eReaders
eReaders
Smart Tech & Phones Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories
Smart Tech & Phones
Smartwatches & Wearable Tech Smart Home Drones Gadgets Sat Nav Home Telephones Mobile Phones & Accessories
Smartwatches & Wearable Tech
Smartwatches & Wearable Tech
Smart Home
Smart Home
Drones
Drones
Gadgets
Gadgets
Sat Nav
Sat Nav
Home Telephones
Home Telephones
Mobile Phones & Accessories
Mobile Phones & Accessories
Home Appliances Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps
Home Appliances
Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Cookers, Ovens & Hobs Integrated Appliances Cooker Hoods Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers Lawnmowers & Power Tools Lighting & Lamps
Washing Machines
Washing Machines
Washer Dryers
Washer Dryers
Tumble Dryers
Tumble Dryers
Fridges & Freezers
Fridges & Freezers
Dishwashers
Dishwashers
Cookers, Ovens & Hobs
Cookers, Ovens & Hobs
Integrated Appliances
Integrated Appliances
Cooker Hoods
Cooker Hoods
Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers
Fans, Heaters & Dehumidifers
Lawnmowers & Power Tools
Lawnmowers & Power Tools
Lighting & Lamps
Lighting & Lamps
Small Appliances Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental
Small Appliances
Vacuum Cleaners Ironing Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers Coffee Machines Kettles Toasters Microwaves Cooking Appliances Hair Dryers & Hair Styling Personal Care, Shavers & Dental
Vacuum Cleaners
Vacuum Cleaners
Ironing
Ironing
Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers
Food Processors, Mixers, Blenders & Juicers
Coffee Machines
Coffee Machines
Kettles
Kettles
Toasters
Toasters
Microwaves
Microwaves
Cooking Appliances
Cooking Appliances
Hair Dryers & Hair Styling
Hair Dryers & Hair Styling
Personal Care, Shavers & Dental
Personal Care, Shavers & Dental
Highlights New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers
Highlights
New: Fitbit Flex 2 iPhone 7 NEW GoPro Hero 5 NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer Free connection on selected Range Cookers Neff Appliances Winter Savings TV and Soundbar bundle offers Shop all Electrical Offers
New: Fitbit Flex 2
New: Fitbit Flex 2
iPhone 7
iPhone 7
NEW GoPro Hero 5
NEW GoPro Hero 5
NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer
NEW: Samsung Family Hub Fridge Freezer
Free connection on selected Range Cookers
Free connection on selected Range Cookers
Neff Appliances Winter Savings
Neff Appliances Winter Savings
TV and Soundbar bundle offers
TV and Soundbar bundle offers
Shop all Electrical Offers
Shop all Electrical Offers
Women Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers
Women
Women
Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers
Clothing New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear
Clothing
New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Dresses Tops Coats & Jackets Knitwear Cardigans Cashmere Linen Lingerie Shapewear Skirts
New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
New In Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
Dresses
Dresses
Tops
Tops
Coats & Jackets
Coats & Jackets
Knitwear
Knitwear
Cardigans
Cardigans
Cashmere
Cashmere
Linen
Linen
Lingerie
Lingerie
Shapewear
Shapewear
Skirts
Skirts
Jeans & Denim Trousers & Leggings Workwear Jumpsuits & Playsuits Swimwear & Beachwear Nightwear Shorts Plus Size Petite Maternitywear Sportswear
Jeans & Denim
Jeans & Denim
Trousers & Leggings
Trousers & Leggings
Workwear
Workwear
Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Swimwear & Beachwear
Swimwear & Beachwear
Nightwear
Nightwear
Shorts
Shorts
Plus Size
Plus Size
Petite
Petite
Maternitywear
Maternitywear
Sportswear
Sportswear
Accessories Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses
Accessories
Shoes & Boots Handbags & Clutch Bags Purses Jewellery Watches Scarves Hats Gloves Slippers Tights & Socks Sunglasses
Shoes & Boots
Shoes & Boots
Handbags & Clutch Bags
Handbags & Clutch Bags
Purses
Purses
Jewellery
Jewellery
Watches
Watches
Scarves
Scarves
Hats
Hats
Gloves
Gloves
Slippers
Slippers
Tights & Socks
Tights & Socks
Sunglasses
Sunglasses
Featured Brands AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG
Featured Brands
AllSaints Bruce by Bruce Oldfield Fenn Wright Manson Petite hush Jigsaw Kurt Geiger Michael Kors modern rarity Mulberry Somerset by Alice Temperley UGG
AllSaints
AllSaints
Bruce by Bruce Oldfield
Bruce by Bruce Oldfield
Fenn Wright Manson Petite
Fenn Wright Manson Petite
hush
hush
Jigsaw
Jigsaw
Kurt Geiger
Kurt Geiger
Michael Kors
Michael Kors
modern rarity
modern rarity
Mulberry
Mulberry
Somerset by Alice Temperley
Somerset by Alice Temperley
UGG
UGG
Our Highlights Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit
Our Highlights
Women's Partywear Velvet Clothing New: Whistles Exclusives EDIT: Wrapped Up Ponchos Autumn Boots Cold Weather Accessories Loungewear loved&found Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy Personal Style Edit
Women's Partywear
Women's Partywear
Velvet Clothing
Velvet Clothing
New: Whistles Exclusives
New: Whistles Exclusives
EDIT: Wrapped Up
EDIT: Wrapped Up
Ponchos
Ponchos
Autumn Boots
Autumn Boots
Cold Weather Accessories
Cold Weather Accessories
Loungewear
Loungewear
loved&found
loved&found
Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy
Denim Wardrobe by Trilogy
Personal Style Edit
Personal Style Edit
Mid Season Offers View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers
Mid Season Offers
View all Womenwear Offers Coats & Jackets Offers Knitwear Offers Phase Eight Offers Mint Velvet Offers Hobbs Offers Dune Offers Reiss Offers Whistles Offers Carvela Offers Kurt Geiger Offers
View all Womenwear Offers
View all Womenwear Offers
Coats & Jackets Offers
Coats & Jackets Offers
Knitwear Offers
Knitwear Offers
Phase Eight Offers
Phase Eight Offers
Mint Velvet Offers
Mint Velvet Offers
Hobbs Offers
Hobbs Offers
Dune Offers
Dune Offers
Reiss Offers
Reiss Offers
Whistles Offers
Whistles Offers
Carvela Offers
Carvela Offers
Kurt Geiger Offers
Kurt Geiger Offers
Men Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him
Men
Men
Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him
Clothing New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing
Clothing
New In Clothing Coats & Jackets Jumpers & Cardigans Sweatshirts & Hoodies Cashmere Casual Shirts Polo Shirts T-Shirts Jeans Casual Trousers & Chinos Sports & Fitness
New In Clothing
New In Clothing
Coats & Jackets
Coats & Jackets
Jumpers & Cardigans
Jumpers & Cardigans
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Cashmere
Cashmere
Casual Shirts
Casual Shirts
Polo Shirts
Polo Shirts
T-Shirts
T-Shirts
Jeans
Jeans
Casual Trousers & Chinos
Casual Trousers & Chinos
Sports & Fitness
Sports & Fitness
Suits Blazers Waistcoats Formal Shirts Smart Trousers Nightwear Loungewear Underwear Socks View All Clothing
Suits
Suits
Blazers
Blazers
Waistcoats
Waistcoats
Formal Shirts
Formal Shirts
Smart Trousers
Smart Trousers
Nightwear
Nightwear
Loungewear
Loungewear
Underwear
Underwear
Socks
Socks
View All Clothing
View All Clothing
Shoes & Boots New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots
Shoes & Boots
New in Shoes & Boots Smart Shoes Casual Shoes Boots Trainers & Plimsolls Slippers Shoe Care View All Shoes & Boots
New in Shoes & Boots
New in Shoes & Boots
Smart Shoes
Smart Shoes
Casual Shoes
Casual Shoes
Boots
Boots
Trainers & Plimsolls
Trainers & Plimsolls
Slippers
Slippers
Shoe Care
Shoe Care
View All Shoes & Boots
View All Shoes & Boots
Accessories New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories
Accessories
New In Accessories Men's Bags Belts Watches Cufflinks & Formal Accessories Wallets & Keyrings Ties & Bow Ties Hats, Scarves & Gloves Sunglasses Skin Care & Grooming View All Accessories
New In Accessories
New In Accessories
Men's Bags
Men's Bags
Belts
Belts
Watches
Watches
Cufflinks & Formal Accessories
Cufflinks & Formal Accessories
Wallets & Keyrings
Wallets & Keyrings
Ties & Bow Ties
Ties & Bow Ties
Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Sunglasses
Sunglasses
Skin Care & Grooming
Skin Care & Grooming
View All Accessories
View All Accessories
Featured Brands John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands
Featured Brands
John Lewis JOHN LEWIS & Co. Kin by John Lewis AllSaints Barbour Gant Hugo Boss Levi's Ralph Lauren Ted Baker View all Brands
John Lewis
John Lewis
JOHN LEWIS & Co.
JOHN LEWIS & Co.
Kin by John Lewis
Kin by John Lewis
AllSaints
AllSaints
Barbour
Barbour
Gant
Gant
Hugo Boss
Hugo Boss
Levi's
Levi's
Ralph Lauren
Ralph Lauren
Ted Baker
Ted Baker
View all Brands
View all Brands
Don't Miss.... Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him
Don't Miss....
Up to 40% off selected AllSaints 20% off selected Shoes & Boots Exclusively for John Lewis Presenting New Brands Autumn Jackets The Essentials Top Gifts for Him
Up to 40% off selected AllSaints
Up to 40% off selected AllSaints
20% off selected Shoes & Boots
20% off selected Shoes & Boots
Exclusively for John Lewis
Exclusively for John Lewis
Presenting New Brands
Presenting New Brands
Autumn Jackets
Autumn Jackets
The Essentials
The Essentials
Top Gifts for Him
Top Gifts for Him
Beauty Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent
Beauty
Beauty
Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent
Make-Up & Fragrance The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers
Make-Up & Fragrance
The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence New In Face Eyes Lips Nails Make-Up Accessories Women's Perfume Men's Aftershave Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers
The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence
The Edit: Autumnal Indulgence
New In
New In
Face
Face
Eyes
Eyes
Lips
Lips
Nails
Nails
Make-Up Accessories
Make-Up Accessories
Women's Perfume
Women's Perfume
Men's Aftershave
Men's Aftershave
Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers
Shop all Beauty & Fragrance Offers
Skin Care Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase
Skin Care
Moisturisers Cleansers & Toners Eye Care Facial Oils & Serums Face Masks Exfoliators Anti-Ageing Shop all Skin Care Elemis Free Gift with Purchase
Moisturisers
Moisturisers
Cleansers & Toners
Cleansers & Toners
Eye Care
Eye Care
Facial Oils & Serums
Facial Oils & Serums
Face Masks
Face Masks
Exfoliators
Exfoliators
Anti-Ageing
Anti-Ageing
Shop all Skin Care
Shop all Skin Care
Elemis Free Gift with Purchase
Elemis Free Gift with Purchase
Hair, Body & Men's Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty
Hair, Body & Men's
Bath & Body Body Firming & Toning Tanning & Suncare Hair Care ghd & Hair Styling Men's Grooming Natural & Organic Beauty Cleansing Devices Travel Size Beauty
Bath & Body
Bath & Body
Body Firming & Toning
Body Firming & Toning
Tanning & Suncare
Tanning & Suncare
Hair Care
Hair Care
ghd & Hair Styling
ghd & Hair Styling
Men's Grooming
Men's Grooming
Natural & Organic
Natural & Organic
Beauty Cleansing Devices
Beauty Cleansing Devices
Travel Size Beauty
Travel Size Beauty
Gift Sets View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars
Gift Sets
View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets Skin Care Sets Fragrance Sets Bath & Body Sets Make-Up Sets Hand & Nail Sets Hair Care Sets Men's Sets Beauty Advent Calendars
View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets
View all Beauty & Fragrance Gift Sets
Skin Care Sets
Skin Care Sets
Fragrance Sets
Fragrance Sets
Bath & Body Sets
Bath & Body Sets
Make-Up Sets
Make-Up Sets
Hand & Nail Sets
Hand & Nail Sets
Hair Care Sets
Hair Care Sets
Men's Sets
Men's Sets
Beauty Advent Calendars
Beauty Advent Calendars
Featured Brands New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent
Featured Brands
New: Marc Jacobs Benefit Bobbi Brown CHANEL Charlotte Tilbury Clarins Clinique CREED DIOR Estée Lauder HERMÈS
New: Marc Jacobs
New: Marc Jacobs
Benefit
Benefit
Bobbi Brown
Bobbi Brown
CHANEL
CHANEL
Charlotte Tilbury
Charlotte Tilbury
Clarins
Clarins
Clinique
Clinique
CREED
CREED
DIOR
DIOR
Estée Lauder
Estée Lauder
HERMÈS
HERMÈS
Jo Malone London La Mer Lancôme Laura Mercier Liz Earle MAC Molton Brown NARS TOM FORD Urban Decay Yves Saint Laurent
Jo Malone London
Jo Malone London
La Mer
La Mer
Lancôme
Lancôme
Laura Mercier
Laura Mercier
Liz Earle
Liz Earle
MAC
MAC
Molton Brown
Molton Brown
NARS
NARS
TOM FORD
TOM FORD
Urban Decay
Urban Decay
Yves Saint Laurent
Yves Saint Laurent
Baby & Child Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers
Baby & Child
Baby & Child
Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers
Clothes & Shoes Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes
Clothes & Shoes
Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs) Baby & Toddler Accessories Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs) Children's Shoes
Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs)
Baby & Toddler (0 - 3 yrs)
Baby & Toddler Accessories
Baby & Toddler Accessories
Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs)
Boys' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs)
Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs)
Girls' Clothes & Accessories (2+ yrs)
Children's Shoes
Children's Shoes
Baby & Nursery An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening
Baby & Nursery
An essential checklist for baby Nursery Furniture Baby Travel Sleeping Feeding & Caring Home Safety & Monitors Bathing & Changing Baby & Pre-school Toys Pregnancy & Maternity Gifts Christening
An essential checklist for baby
An essential checklist for baby
Nursery Furniture
Nursery Furniture
Baby Travel
Baby Travel
Sleeping
Sleeping
Feeding & Caring
Feeding & Caring
Home Safety & Monitors
Home Safety & Monitors
Bathing & Changing
Bathing & Changing
Baby & Pre-school Toys
Baby & Pre-school Toys
Pregnancy & Maternity
Pregnancy & Maternity
Gifts
Gifts
Christening
Christening
School School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special
School
School Uniform Shop Uniform By School Boys' School Uniform Boys' School Shoes Girls' School Uniform Girls' School Shoes Children's Sportswear & Equipment School Bags Back to School Checklist What makes our school uniform special
School Uniform Shop
School Uniform Shop
Uniform By School
Uniform By School
Boys' School Uniform
Boys' School Uniform
Boys' School Shoes
Boys' School Shoes
Girls' School Uniform
Girls' School Uniform
Girls' School Shoes
Girls' School Shoes
Children's Sportswear & Equipment
Children's Sportswear & Equipment
School Bags
School Bags
Back to School Checklist
Back to School Checklist
What makes our school uniform special
What makes our school uniform special
Featured Brands UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis
Featured Brands
UGG Joules Converse Bugaboo iCandy Maxi-Cosi Polarn O. Pyret Fat Face Sleepyhead John Lewis Heirloom Collection John Lewis
UGG
UGG
Joules
Joules
Converse
Converse
Bugaboo
Bugaboo
iCandy
iCandy
Maxi-Cosi
Maxi-Cosi
Polarn O. Pyret
Polarn O. Pyret
Fat Face
Fat Face
Sleepyhead
Sleepyhead
John Lewis Heirloom Collection
John Lewis Heirloom Collection
John Lewis
John Lewis
Autumn Layers Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots
Autumn Layers
Baby Blankets Baby Outerwear Baby Hats & Gloves Boys' Outerwear Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Boys' Boots Girls' Outerwear Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves Girls' Boots
Baby Blankets
Baby Blankets
Baby Outerwear
Baby Outerwear
Baby Hats & Gloves
Baby Hats & Gloves
Boys' Outerwear
Boys' Outerwear
Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans
Boys' Jumpers & Cardigans
Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Boys' Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Boys' Boots
Boys' Boots
Girls' Outerwear
Girls' Outerwear
Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans
Girls' Jumpers & Cardigans
Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Girls' Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Girls' Boots
Girls' Boots
Highlights Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers
Highlights
Silver Cross Bundle Offers Baby & Child Offers My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts Halloween Shop Christmas Jumpers Gifts for Babies Gifts for Children Baby & Toddler Partywear Boys' Partywear Girls' Partywear Nightwear & Slippers
Silver Cross Bundle Offers
Silver Cross Bundle Offers
Baby & Child Offers
Baby & Child Offers
My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts
My 1st Years: Personalised Baby Gifts
Halloween Shop
Halloween Shop
Christmas Jumpers
Christmas Jumpers
Gifts for Babies
Gifts for Babies
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Children
Baby & Toddler Partywear
Baby & Toddler Partywear
Boys' Partywear
Boys' Partywear
Girls' Partywear
Girls' Partywear
Nightwear & Slippers
Nightwear & Slippers
Toys All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory
Toys
Toys
All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory
All Toys New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers
All Toys
New Arrivals LEGO New Arrivals Advent Calendars Halloween Toys by Brand Toys by Character Toys by Type Children's Books View all Toys Latest Toys Offers
New Arrivals
New Arrivals
LEGO New Arrivals
LEGO New Arrivals
Advent Calendars
Advent Calendars
Halloween
Halloween
Toys by Brand
Toys by Brand
Toys by Character
Toys by Character
Toys by Type
Toys by Type
Children's Books
Children's Books
View all Toys
View all Toys
Latest Toys Offers
Latest Toys Offers
Featured Toy Types Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles
Featured Toy Types
Outdoor Toys & Games Scooters & Accessories Trampolines Construction Toys Cars, Trains & Planes Baby & Pre-school Toys Dolls & Doll Houses Dressing Up & Role Play Toys Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles
Outdoor Toys & Games
Outdoor Toys & Games
Scooters & Accessories
Scooters & Accessories
Trampolines
Trampolines
Construction Toys
Construction Toys
Cars, Trains & Planes
Cars, Trains & Planes
Baby & Pre-school Toys
Baby & Pre-school Toys
Dolls & Doll Houses
Dolls & Doll Houses
Dressing Up & Role Play Toys
Dressing Up & Role Play Toys
Arts & Crafts
Arts & Crafts
Games & Puzzles
Games & Puzzles
Featured Brands John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech
Featured Brands
John Lewis LEGO Furby Barbie Micro Play-Doh Playmobil Shopkins Sylvanian Families Thomas The Tank Engine VTech
John Lewis
John Lewis
LEGO
LEGO
Furby
Furby
Barbie
Barbie
Micro
Micro
Play-Doh
Play-Doh
Playmobil
Playmobil
Shopkins
Shopkins
Sylvanian Families
Sylvanian Families
Thomas The Tank Engine
Thomas The Tank Engine
VTech
VTech
Featured Characters Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory
Featured Characters
Star Wars Disney Princess Peppa Pig Paw Patrol Disney's Frozen Batman Spider-Man My Little Pony The Secret Life of Pets Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Finding Dory
Star Wars
Star Wars
Disney Princess
Disney Princess
Peppa Pig
Peppa Pig
Paw Patrol
Paw Patrol
Disney's Frozen
Disney's Frozen
Batman
Batman
Spider-Man
Spider-Man
My Little Pony
My Little Pony
The Secret Life of Pets
The Secret Life of Pets
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Finding Dory
Finding Dory
Sport & Leisure Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences
Sport & Leisure
Sport & Leisure
Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences
Sports & Fitness All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games
Sports & Fitness
All Sports Offers Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment Women's Clothing Women's Footwear Men's Clothing Men's Footwear Hats, Scarves & Gloves Children's Sportswear & Equipment Fitness Equipment Gym Accessories Fitness Technology
All Sports Offers
All Sports Offers
Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment
Save up to £400 on Fitness Equipment
Women's Clothing
Women's Clothing
Women's Footwear
Women's Footwear
Men's Clothing
Men's Clothing
Men's Footwear
Men's Footwear
Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Children's Sportswear & Equipment
Children's Sportswear & Equipment
Fitness Equipment
Fitness Equipment
Gym Accessories
Gym Accessories
Fitness Technology
Fitness Technology
Swimming Running Yoga Football Kit & Equipment Tennis Roller Skates Scooters & Scooter Accessories Sports Table Games
Swimming
Swimming
Running
Running
Yoga
Yoga
Football Kit & Equipment
Football Kit & Equipment
Tennis
Tennis
Roller Skates
Roller Skates
Scooters & Scooter Accessories
Scooters & Scooter Accessories
Sports Table Games
Sports Table Games
Sports Brands Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower
Sports Brands
Adidas Asics Garmin Life Fitness Nike Ronhill Speedo The North Face TomTom Under Armour WaterRower
Adidas
Adidas
Asics
Asics
Garmin
Garmin
Life Fitness
Life Fitness
Nike
Nike
Ronhill
Ronhill
Speedo
Speedo
The North Face
The North Face
TomTom
TomTom
Under Armour
Under Armour
WaterRower
WaterRower
Travel Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories
Travel
Up to 50% off selected Luggage Suitcases Cabin Luggage Holdalls Backpacks Work Bags & Briefcases Men's Bags Women's Bags Children's Luggage Travel Accessories
Up to 50% off selected Luggage
Up to 50% off selected Luggage
Suitcases
Suitcases
Cabin Luggage
Cabin Luggage
Holdalls
Holdalls
Backpacks
Backpacks
Work Bags & Briefcases
Work Bags & Briefcases
Men's Bags
Men's Bags
Women's Bags
Women's Bags
Children's Luggage
Children's Luggage
Travel Accessories
Travel Accessories
Travel Brands American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage
Travel Brands
American Tourister Antler Barbour Bric's Briggs & Riley Delsey Eastpak Go Travel John Lewis Samsonite Ted Baker Luggage
American Tourister
American Tourister
Antler
Antler
Barbour
Barbour
Bric's
Bric's
Briggs & Riley
Briggs & Riley
Delsey
Delsey
Eastpak
Eastpak
Go Travel
Go Travel
John Lewis
John Lewis
Samsonite
Samsonite
Ted Baker Luggage
Ted Baker Luggage
Leisure Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences
Leisure
Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns Haberdashery Sewing Machines Camping & Outdoor Activity Games & Puzzles Books Stationery Gift Experiences
Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns
Save 50% on selected Simplicity Sewing Patterns
Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns
Save 50% on selected Vogue Sewing Patterns
Haberdashery
Haberdashery
Sewing Machines
Sewing Machines
Camping & Outdoor Activity
Camping & Outdoor Activity
Games & Puzzles
Games & Puzzles
Books
Books
Stationery
Stationery
Gift Experiences
Gift Experiences
Gifts Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop
Gifts by Recipient Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets
Gifts by Recipient
Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for Couples Gifts for Grandparents Gifts for Children Gifts for Teenagers Gifts for Babies Gifts for New Parents Gifts for Pets
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Grandparents
Gifts for Grandparents
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Babies
Gifts for Babies
Gifts for New Parents
Gifts for New Parents
Gifts for Pets
Gifts for Pets
Gifts by Interest Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing
Gifts by Interest
Premium Beauty & Fragrance Warm & Cosy Fun Lovers Party People Techies Creative Play Foodies Coffee Lovers Fitness & Wellbeing
Premium
Premium
Beauty & Fragrance
Beauty & Fragrance
Warm & Cosy
Warm & Cosy
Fun Lovers
Fun Lovers
Party People
Party People
Techies
Techies
Creative Play
Creative Play
Foodies
Foodies
Coffee Lovers
Coffee Lovers
Fitness & Wellbeing
Fitness & Wellbeing
Gifts by Occasion Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement
Gifts by Occasion
Halloween British Themed Gifts Wedding Anniversary Engagement New Home Christening First Job Retirement
Halloween
Halloween
British Themed Gifts
British Themed Gifts
Wedding
Wedding
Anniversary
Anniversary
Engagement
Engagement
New Home
New Home
Christening
Christening
First Job
First Job
Retirement
Retirement
Gift Food & Alcohol Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets
Gift Food & Alcohol
Gift Food, Wine & Champagne Hampers Gift Food Sets Alcohol Chocolate Biscuits & Cakes Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Condiments & Preserves Sweets
Gift Food, Wine & Champagne
Gift Food, Wine & Champagne
Hampers
Hampers
Gift Food Sets
Gift Food Sets
Alcohol
Alcohol
Chocolate
Chocolate
Biscuits & Cakes
Biscuits & Cakes
Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate
Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate
Condiments & Preserves
Condiments & Preserves
Sweets
Sweets
Popular Gifts Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants
Popular Gifts
Gift Cards Personalised Gifts Stocking Fillers Novelty Gifts Gifts for the Home Games & Puzzles Gift Collections Gift Experiences Silver Gifts Toys Flowers & Plants
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Personalised Gifts
Personalised Gifts
Stocking Fillers
Stocking Fillers
Novelty Gifts
Novelty Gifts
Gifts for the Home
Gifts for the Home
Games & Puzzles
Games & Puzzles
Gift Collections
Gift Collections
Gift Experiences
Gift Experiences
Silver Gifts
Silver Gifts
Toys
Toys
Flowers & Plants
Flowers & Plants
Party, Cards & Wrap Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop
Party, Cards & Wrap
Greeting Cards Gift Bags Gift Boxes Wrapping Paper Ribbon, Tags and Bows Tissue Paper Party Shop
Greeting Cards
Greeting Cards
Gift Bags
Gift Bags
Gift Boxes
Gift Boxes
Wrapping Paper
Wrapping Paper
Ribbon, Tags and Bows
Ribbon, Tags and Bows
Tissue Paper
Tissue Paper
Party Shop
Party Shop
Special Offers Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers
Special Offers
Special Offers
Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers
Fashion Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers
Fashion
Womenswear Offers Menswear Offers Baby & Childrenswear Offers Beauty & Fragrance Offers Sports & Leisure Offers Luggage & Travel Offers
Womenswear Offers
Womenswear Offers
Menswear Offers
Menswear Offers
Baby & Childrenswear Offers
Baby & Childrenswear Offers
Beauty & Fragrance Offers
Beauty & Fragrance Offers
Sports & Leisure Offers
Sports & Leisure Offers
Luggage & Travel Offers
Luggage & Travel Offers
Electricals All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers
Electricals
All Electrical Offers TV Offers Tablet and Computing Offers Laundry Offers Audio & Hi-Fi Offers Cooking Offers Coffee Offers Dishwasher Offers Camera Offers Vacuum Offers
All Electrical Offers
All Electrical Offers
TV Offers
TV Offers
Tablet and Computing Offers
Tablet and Computing Offers
Laundry Offers
Laundry Offers
Audio & Hi-Fi Offers
Audio & Hi-Fi Offers
Cooking Offers
Cooking Offers
Coffee Offers
Coffee Offers
Dishwasher Offers
Dishwasher Offers
Camera Offers
Camera Offers
Vacuum Offers
Vacuum Offers
Home & Garden Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers
Home & Garden
Mattress Offers Garden Offers Bathroom Offers Bedroom Offers Living Room Offers Kitchen & Dining Offers Furnishing Offers Lighting Offers View all Home & Garden Offers
Mattress Offers
Mattress Offers
Garden Offers
Garden Offers
Bathroom Offers
Bathroom Offers
Bedroom Offers
Bedroom Offers
Living Room Offers
Living Room Offers
Kitchen & Dining Offers
Kitchen & Dining Offers
Furnishing Offers
Furnishing Offers
Lighting Offers
Lighting Offers
View all Home & Garden Offers
View all Home & Garden Offers
Gifts, Toys & Crafts Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers
Gifts, Toys & Crafts
Toys Special Offers Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers Stationery & Partyware Offers
Toys Special Offers
Toys Special Offers
Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers
Sewing, Knitting & Crafts Offers
Stationery & Partyware Offers
Stationery & Partyware Offers
Close dropdown
Do you want to remove this item? remove Cancel
Do you want to remove this item?
remove
Cancel
Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to
Sorry, we only have of these items available. We have reduced your order quantity to
Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer.
Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer.
Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket.
Sorry, we have limited this item to per customer. We have added to your basket.
Please enter a number for the value
Please enter a number for the value
Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product
Sorry, you can purchase one of these items per product
John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide Close We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States
John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide Close We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States
John Lewis delivers to 40 countries worldwide
Close
We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States
We make international delivery easy with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices More about international delivery
We make international delivery easy with:
A wide range of products available Prices shown in local currency or GBP Low delivery prices
A wide range of products available
Prices shown in local currency or GBP
Low delivery prices
More about international delivery
Europe Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of)
Europe
Austria Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus (Republic of) Switzerland Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland (Republic of)
Austria
Austria
Austria
Belgium
Belgium
Belgium
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Cyprus (Republic of)
Cyprus (Republic of)
Cyprus (Republic of)
Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Denmark
Denmark
Denmark
Estonia
Estonia
Estonia
Finland
Finland
Finland
France
France
France
Germany
Germany
Germany
Greece
Greece
Greece
Hungary
Hungary
Hungary
Ireland (Republic of)
Ireland (Republic of)
Ireland (Republic of)
Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom Rest of the world
Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden United Kingdom
Italy
Italy
Italy
Latvia
Latvia
Latvia
Lithuania
Lithuania
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Malta
Malta
Malta
Netherlands
Netherlands
Netherlands
Norway
Norway
Norway
Poland
Poland
Poland
Portugal
Portugal
Portugal
Slovakia
Slovakia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Slovenia
Slovenia
Spain
Spain
Spain
Sweden
Sweden
Sweden
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
United Kingdom
Rest of the world
United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States
United Arab Emirates Australia Canada Hong Kong Korea, Republic of Malaysia New Zealand Philippines Qatar Singapore South Africa United States
United Arab Emirates
United Arab Emirates
United Arab Emirates
Australia
Australia
Australia
Canada
Canada
Canada
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Korea, Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
New Zealand
New Zealand
New Zealand
Philippines
Philippines
Philippines
Qatar
Qatar
Qatar
Singapore
Singapore
Singapore
South Africa
South Africa
South Africa
United States
United States
United States
Close Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Close Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Close
Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Please note, changing country will empty your basket. You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Please note, changing country will empty your basket.
Please note, changing country will empty your basket.
You have items in your shopping basket. In order to change delivery to , your basket will be emptied. Are you sure you want to change delivery country?
Delivering to United Kingdom? Close We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
Delivering to United Kingdom? Close We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
Delivering to United Kingdom?
Delivering to United Kingdom?
Close
We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with: A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
We make it easy to deliver to United Kingdom with:
A wide range of products available Prices shown in GBP or GBP Low delivery costs
A wide range of products available
Prices shown in GBP or GBP
Low delivery costs
Or deliver to a different country Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States Go
Or deliver to a different country
Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Cyprus (Republic of) Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Ireland (Republic of) Italy Korea, Republic of Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United States
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Canada
Cyprus (Republic of)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Ireland (Republic of)
Italy
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Arab Emirates
United States
Go
Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide
Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide
Homepage Buying Guides Computer buying guide
Homepage
Homepage
Buying Guides
Buying Guides
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet
Computer buying guide Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away. Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required. Tweet
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computer buying guide
Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away.
Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you. There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away.
Computers come in a variety of shapes and sizes, from all-in-one desktops to convertible laptops. They include various different features and functions, and with so much available it can be hard to distinguish which one is actually right for you.
There have been great advances in technology over the last few years, with a new computer being up to three times faster than a 4-year-old equivalent in everyday performance, with much improved graphical abilities and start-up times. Whether you’re buying your first computer, or simply replacing your old one, this guide is here to help you pick the right option for your needs. Choosing the right device
Choosing the right device
Choosing the right type of device is the first thing you’ll need to do. There are various options available, whether you need a powerhouse for working at home or something that you can take with you on trips away.
Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems. Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Computers by function and form Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function and form
Computers by function and form
Computers by function and form
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower. Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower.
Computers by function   To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions: Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes. Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks. Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM. Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games. Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot.  Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower.
Computers by function
 
To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions:
To make your search simpler, John Lewis categorises our computers into five functions:
Everyday computers are designed for basic home use and web browsing. They may not be the most powerful computers, but they’ll get most people through everyday computing processes.
Everyday computers
Everyday
computers
Entertainment computers will perform everyday tasks as well as play high quality videos and music. These machines are great for families who perform a wide range of computer-based tasks.
Entertainment computers
Entertainment computers
Performance computers are aimed at high-end users, who need to have multiple advanced processes open at once, such as video and photo editing programs. These machines will have a top of the range processor and a large amount of RAM.
Performance computers 
Performance computers
Gaming computers are hugely powerful computers with a dedicated graphics card and large screen in laptops and all-in-ones, as well as a high-end processor and large amount of RAM. These machines are ideal for playing the latest computer games.
Gaming computers 
Gaming computers
Ultramobile computers deliver powerful performance in a portable package. They have long battery lives and are ideal for intensive users who need to travel with their computer a lot. 
Ultramobile computers
Ultramobile computers
Remember, our filters are here to make it easier to find the right one for you and can you can mix and match the features you need, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to find an ultramobile performance laptop or a gaming tower.
ultramobile performance laptop
ultramobile performance laptop
gaming tower.
gaming tower
Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS. MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS.
Computers by form Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it. All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens.  Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market.  Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter. Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks.  Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS.
Computers by form
Towers are desktop computers without any additional components, such as monitors and speakers. They come in a variety of sizes, including space saving small form factor models. You’ll also find that you’re likely to get more power for your money with a tower, as they're cheaper to manufacturer- however, don’t forget you’ll still need at least a monitor to be able to use it.
Towers
All-in-One Desktops combine computer, monitor and speakers into one unit. They’re a much less intrusive proposition than a tower and monitor combo, doing away with many of the additional cables required. Many of them also feature touch screens, making them perfect for navigating Windows 8. They’re ideal for watching films and performing graphical work, thanks to their large, high quality screens. 
All-in-One Desktops
All-in-One Desktops
Apple iMacs were some of the first all-in-one computers in the mainstream market. 
Apple iMacs
Apple iMacs
Laptops or notebooks, cover a wide range of portable computers. They feature a ‘clamshell’ design and have an integrated keyboard, mouse and display that can measure up to 17.6-inches in diameter.
Laptops
Laptops
Netbooks are smaller and less powerful than laptops, but are much more portable as a result. They’re perfect for those who travel a lot but don’t need to perform too extensive tasks. 
Netbooks
Netbooks
Ultrabooks are the ultimate lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts. 
Ultrabooks
Ultrabooks
Chromebooks are fast, simple and secure web-based computers running Google’s Chrome OS.
Chromebooks 
Chromebooks
MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.     MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage.  Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook.  Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
MacBook Pros are powerful laptop computers made by Apple and running Mac OS X. Some of the newer models feature an ultra-clear Retina display.  
MacBook Pros
MacBook Pros
 
 
 
MacBook Airs are lightweight, portable equivalents to the MacBook Pro. They also run Mac OS X and include fast flash storage. 
MacBook Airs
MacBook Airs
Convertibles are devices that can convert between portable computer and tablet by removing or hiding the keyboard. Also see Convertible Ultrabook. 
Convertibles
Convertibles
Convertible Ultrabook.
Convertible Ultrabook
Tablets are handheld portable computers that primarily use a touch screen for navigation. They run on a variety of operating systems, from Apple’s iPads on iOS, Google Android based systems or Windows devices. For more information on tablets, please see tablet buying guide and guide to tablet operating systems.
Tablets
Tablets
tablet buying guide 
tablet buying guide
guide to tablet operating systems.
guide to
tablet operating systems.
Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.   What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.   Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data. More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents. Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Choosing an operating system The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Choosing an operating system
Choosing an operating system
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans. Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans.
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans.
The operating system is the basic software that controls many of the computer's functions and also acts as an interface between the user and the microprocessor. There’s a perennial debate over whether it’s better to purchase an Apple Mac computer or a computer running Microsoft's 'Windows' operating system. To complicate things further, Google have recently entered the fray with their Linux-based Chrome OS. Each system has its strengths and weaknesses, and they all have their fans.
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.   Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.   Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops. In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser. Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost. For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know. Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.  
Windows Microsoft’s Windows operating system is the most widely adopted system in the world. Windows laptops are available in a variety of sizes and capabilities, from simple everyday laptops to powerful gaming desktops.
Windows
In July 2015, Microsoft announced the newest version, Windows 10, which builds on Windows 8 by integrating the start menu - so popular in versions of Windows before Windows 8 - with the start screen. Windows 10 is designed to be cross-platform - that is, one operating system, tailored for your device, whether it’s a PC, tablet or smartphone, with apps created to run across all three. It also includes Cortana, your own personal assistant,  and a number of enhancements, such as the Microsoft Edge web browser.
Windows 10 is compatible with all Windows 8 devices, although some new functions require specific hardware requirements, such as dual microphones for Cortana. Windows 10 is also available as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users until July 2016,  so you can still buy a Windows 8 machine now, safe in the knowledge that you’ll be able to update to Windows 10 at no extra cost.
For more on Windows 10 click here, to discover everything you need to know.
Windows 10 click here
Take a look at our Windows 8 laptops and desktops.
laptops
desktops
 
Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.  
Chrome OS Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe. Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.  
Chrome OS
Chrome OS
Google’s Chrome OS is designed to be a fast, simple operating system, ideal for people who are on the go and need to access their work from various machines. Chrome OS utilises web apps - programs that are accessed over the internet, with any saved changes you make to documents being stored in the cloud - and accessible from any other internet connected device. Chrome OS automatically backs up your work to the cloud so there’s a smaller risk of you losing it. It also includes built-in virus protection, making it easier to keep your important files safe.
Take a look at our Chromebooks and Chromeboxes.  
Chromebooks and Chromeboxes
Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Mac OS X Mountain Lion Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever. Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops. Mac OS X Yosemite Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.  
Mac OS X Mountain Lion
Mac OS X Mountain Lion
Mountain Lion from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and features innovations such as iCloud, which will sync your content with other Apple devices - iPods, iPhones and iPads - using the same Apple ID to make keeping your digital life in sync easier than ever.
Take a look at our MacBooks and Mac desktops.
MacBooks
Mac desktops
Mac OS X Yosemite
Mac OS X Yosemite
Yosemite from Apple is designed to run exclusively on Apple’s range of Mac computers. Famed for its clean and intuitive interface, OS X uses a dock at the bottom of the screen to give you quick access to your favourite apps, with the ‘Launchpad’ icon giving you full access to lesser-used apps. It features built-in security against viruses in the form of ‘Gatekeeper’ and includes intuitive gestures to make it quicker and easier to get around. Finder is used to browse and organise your files, with Spotlight ensuring that searching for documents and apps is effortless. It comes with a number of apps like Pages, Numbers, iPhoto, iMovie and Garageband that give you the platform you need for productivity and creativity, with more great apps are available for download from the App Store. If you own and iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8, then Yosemite includes clever enhancements to help you move seamlessly between devices. Make and receive iPhone calls and send and receive both iMessage and SMS text messages on your Mac. Start an email, document or browsing session on one device and instantly pick it up on another- Yosemite makes OS X even better for anyone who already owns Apple devices.
 
What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
What to look for Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
What to look for
What to look for
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers. Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers.
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing. AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers.
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing.
Processor The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.   Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments. You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.   Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels: Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance. The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing.
Processor
Processor
The Central Processing Unit (CPU or 'processor') is the 'brain' of the computer that drives and controls all its functions. There are a number of different processors from different manufacturers, intended to help you get what you want from your computer.
 
Intel offer a variety of processors across a range of segments.
You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life. A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos. Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.
You’ll find Intel’s Atom processors in smaller laptops and netbooks and will provide powerful mobile computing and longer battery life.
A Celeron processor will provide great quality and reliability for basic computing tasks, such as creating documents, and watching videos.
Intel Pentium processors offer great value for great performance and are ideal for everyday tasks, from document creation to streaming HD videos.
 
Intel’s Core family of processors come in three levels:
Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up. Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.  Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance.
Intel Core i3 is designed to give seamless performance that keeps up.
Intel Core i5 will provide excellent performance for users who want to experience everything.
 Intel Core i7 is aimed at the most demanding users, providing top-of-the-line performance.
The newest generation of these processors (the 6th generation, or Skylake) provides extensive battery life and optimum performance to deliver a new standard for computing.
AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers.
AMD provide a similar range of processors. The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it. NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets. Storage space Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size.  Memory Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once. Graphics card All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance. Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos. Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers.
AMD provide a similar range of processors.
The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design. The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it.
The E-series will provide excellent performance for your everyday tasks allowing you to work, play and live your day-to-day digital life with confidence, inspired by the rock-solid, essential performance and responsive design.
The A-series of processors provide fast and responsive performance, and are designed to handle virtually everything you throw at it.
NVIDIA’s Tegra and Samsung’s Exynos processors are designed to provide powerful mobile performance. They’ll often be found in convertible laptops and Chromebooks, as well as in tablets.
Storage space
Storage space
Internal storage space, or hard drive, is the space where programs, files, data and documents are stored. Hard discs come in different sizes, measured in gigabytes (GB) and terabytes (TB). 1TB is approximately 1000GB, and the more storage you have available, the more room you’ll have to store your programs, documents, music, photos, and videos. Storage space comes in two categories these days: hard drives and flash storage. Hard drives are cheaper to manufacturer and can go up to vast sizes. Flash storage and Solid State Drives (SSDs) offer faster access to your files, but are much more limited in size. 
 
Memory
Memory
Often confused with the amount of storage for files and documents, in laptops, memory more often refers to the Random Access Memory or RAM (also known as ‘on-board’ memory). Simply put, the more RAM you have (measured in bytes, and these days mostly gigabytes (GB), the smoother your computer will run when it has lots of intensive programs open at once.
Graphics card
Graphics card
All computers come with some form of graphics card. Some of these - ‘shared’ or ‘integrated’ graphics - cards use the system’s built-in RAM to power its technology. Other ‘dedicated’ graphics cards will include their own RAM built-in to give more powerful graphical performance.
Integrated graphics card, such as Intel HD Graphics and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘G’ Series provide superb visual performance for everyday use, such as watching HD videos and viewing photos.
Dedicated graphics cards, like the NVIDIA GeForce range and AMD’s Radeon HD ‘M’ Series are vital for those who love advanced image and video editing, as well as gamers.
Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Disc drive Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for: CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too. Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively. Internet access Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals. However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos. Sound cards and speakers Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
Disc drive
Many computers come without a disc drive, particularly ultra mobile models. However, some still do, and there are a variety of different types to look out for:
CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds. CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright. DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs. DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD. BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too.
CD-ROM drive – Will read CDs containing new computer programs, as well as playing music. The drives operate at different speeds.
CD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank CD, as well as reading it. Useful for recording music from MP3 files or CDs, subject to copyright.
DVD ROM drive - A format which stores higher data storage capacity than a CD-ROM drive - up to 4.7 gigabytes of data. Plays films as well as reading CDs.
DVD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank DVD, as well as reading it. Useful for burning home movies to DVD.
BD ROM drive - Reads Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too
BD-RW drive - 'Writes to' (records onto) a blank Blu-ray disc, as well as reading it. Useful for burning high definition home movies to Blu-ray disc. Will nearly always play and write to CD and DVD media too.
Display Laptops come with integrated LCD screens. These are measured diagonally, from corner to corner and generally ranging from between 11 and 18 inches in size.  All-in-one desktops also comes with built-in screens, starting from 20 inches. Tower PCs will require an additional monitor. These screens employ various pieces of technology to try and give you the clearest picture possible. They’ll also come in either gloss or matte finishes, to provide either vibrant, brighter colours or better performance in bright light, respectively.
Display
Laptops
 All-in-one desktops
Tower PCs
monitor
Internet access
Internet access
Most computers will come with WiFi (Wireless Fidelity) technology allow you to access broadband internet wirelessly around your home (requires a wireless router). There are also increasing amounts of public ‘WiFi hotspots’ that provide access while you’re out and about.  Some portable computers also include slot for a mobile SIM card, to enable you to connect to wireless phone networks using 3G or HSPA+ data signals.
wireless router
wireless router
Some portable computers
Some portable computers
However, you may prefer to connect to your internet connection through a wired Ethernet port, which will often lead to increased performance. This can be invaluable for gamers and people who perform a lot of heavy duty internet-based tasks, such as streaming or downloading HD videos.
Sound cards and speakers
Sound cards and speakers
Laptops and all-in-one computers are equipped with sound cards and speakers so that you can enjoy music and video content directly from your computer. Sound quality has come on leaps and bounds, with technology from the likes of Dolby and JBL employed to optimise performance. However, for the best experience possible, it may be worth purchasing a set of  external computer loudspeakers.  
external computer loudspeakers
external computer loudspeakers
Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider
Software and Accessories to consider
Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers. Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs. Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers. Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only. Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only. Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too. If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
Software and Accessories to consider
Software and Accessories to consider
Most computers come pre-installed with a wide range of software, covering anything from tools to make your computer perform more efficiently to applications for browsing the internet. However, there is additional software available that doesn’t currently come pre-installed on our computers.
Microsoft Office currently only comes on our Windows RT laptops and tablets. There are various different packages available to suit your needs.
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote, Outlook, Publisher and Access as well as 20GB of additional online storage with SkyDrive. This subscription based package is easy to keep up-to-date and will allow you to access your documents and settings on any internet connected PC running Windows 7 or 8. This version of Office is compatible with Windows and Mac computers.
Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013
Microsoft Office 365 Home Premium 2013
Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and OneNote and is compatible with one Windows PC only.
Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013
Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013
Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote and Outlook and is compatible with one Windows PC only.
Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013
Microsoft Office Home and Business 2013
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint and is compatible with one Mac only.
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Student 2011
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011 includes Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook and is compatible with one Mac only.
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011
Microsoft Office for Mac Home and Business 2011
Security software is also essential. We stock Norton that is aimed at protecting not only your computer, but your personal information too.
Security software 
Security software
Norton
Norton
If you’re buying a portable computer, or are looking for something more for your desktop, you may also want to invest in a separate mouse or keyboard. These come with a variety of different functions, with the latest mice for featuring touch and gesture controls to help improve your experience. You may also want to consider an external disc drive if you’re buying a portable computer that doesn’t have one built-in, or an external hard drive for backing up your important data.
mouse
mouse
keyboard
keyboard
external disc drive
external disc drive
external hard drive
external hard drive
More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More help from John Lewis More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More help from John Lewis
More help from John Lewis
More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More Help from John Lewis John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note. All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here. We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here. And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
More Help from John Lewis
More Help from John Lewis
John Lewis offers a comprehensive range of services to set up your new computer and products associated with it. These start at simply getting your computer ready to use through to establishing a safe and secure wireless network in your home. These services are currently only available through your local shop, but you can still arrange them even if you bought your computer online from us - you'll just need to produce your delivery note.
comprehensive range of services
comprehensive range of services
All of our computers come with at least a 2 year guarantee as standard for your peace of mind. They also qualify for our 90 days free software support helpline. For more information on our guarantees and the helpline, please click here.
2 year guarantee
click here
click here
We also offer extended service plans that can be taken out at any time within 30 days of your original purchase. These service plans offer extra protection on top of our guarantee. For more information on the John Lewis service plan, click here.
click here
click here
And for advice on buying a computer for the family, read our guide to internet safety for parents.
guide to internet safety for parents
Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Glossary  All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Glossary
Glossary
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse. Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers.  Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work. BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media. Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives. BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once. BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on. Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets. Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU. Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive. CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once. CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times. Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’. Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs. Email: see Internet/email Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz. Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card Hard drive: See Internal Storage. MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer. Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored. Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video. Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse.
 All-in-One: a desktop computer that features an integrated display and speakers. 
 All-in-One:
All-in-One:
 
 
Backup: keeping a copy of files and software on rewriteable DVDs/CDs, USB flash devices or external hard drives. Because computers are not infallible, it’s good practice to safeguard your work.
Backup:
BD (Blu-ray) drive: a drive that can read Blu-ray discs containing high definition video or data. Will normally be able to read video or data DVDs as well as audio or data CDs. With a storage capacity of up to 50 gigabytes (GB) of information, Blu-rays discs can store much more data than a DVD. Many BD drives can also write (record) to Blu-ray, DVD or CD media.
BD (Blu-ray) drive:
Bay: receptacle for storage systems, such as DVD and other drives.
Bay:
BD-R disc: a Blu-ray disc that can have data written to it just once.
BD-R disc: 
BD-R disc:
BD-RE disc: a Blu-ray disc that can be written to and erased and re-recorded multiple times
BD-RE disc:
BD-RE disc:
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System): the BIOS is a version of ROM used in start-up procedures when the computer is first switched on.
BIOS (Basic Input/Output System):
Bluetooth: allows you to connect compatible devices wirelessly, such as keyboards and headsets.
Bluetooth:
Caching: for storing frequently used data in fast RAM connected directly to the CPU.
Caching:
Compact disc (CD) drive: storage drive for reading CD-ROMs. Comes in a variety of speeds represented as multiples of X, where X = maximum speed of the drive.
Compact disc (CD) drive:
CD-R disc: a CD disc that can have data written to it just once.
CD-R disc:
CD-R disc:
CD-RW Disc: a CD disc that can be written to, erased and re-recorded multiple times.
CD-RW Disc:
CD-RW Disc:
 
Central Processing Unit (CPU): also known as the microprocessor, the CPU is the brain of any computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the CPU, the quicker the machine. Chromebook or Chromebox: A computer running Google’s Chrome Operating System. Convertible: A portable touch screen computer that can convert between laptop and tablet. Desktop: A non-portable computer designed to take its place on your desk at home. See ‘All-in-One’ and ‘Tower’.
Central Processing Unit (CPU):
Chromebook
Chromebook
 or
Chromebox
Chromebox
:
Convertible:
 
Desktop:
 
Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive: a drive that can read DVDs as well as audio CDs and software CD-ROMs. With a storage capacity of up to 4.7 gigabytes (GB) of information, DVDs can store much more data than a CD-ROM. The majority of DVD drives nowadays will also write to DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R and CD-RW discs.
Digital Video Disc (DVD) drive:
Email: see Internet/email
Email:
Gigabyte (GB): standard data measurement unit. One gigabyte contains 1,024 megabytes
Gigabyte (GB):
Gigahertz: gigahertz (GHz) are used to express the speed of a central processing unit (CPU). 1 gigahertz equals 1000 megahertz (MHz). CPU speeds are increasing as technology improves; faster units have now reached speeds of over 2GHz.
Gigahertz:
Graphics (or video) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all objects on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card
Graphics (or video) card:
Hard drive: See Internal Storage.
Hard drive:
MacBook: Apple Macintosh laptop, equivalent to iMac, Mac mini or MacPro desktop computer.
MacBook:
MacBook:
 
Internal Storage: the computer's central storage system built into the computer. The bigger the hard drive, the more applications can be stored.
Internal Storage:
Internet/email: a network that enables computers to be connected together in a 'web'. With access to the internet you can access data from anywhere in the world for the price of a domestic phone call. The same technology facilitates email (electronic mail), typed messages that can be routed to any email address anywhere in the world almost instantaneously. Emails can also incorporate photos, audio recordings or video.
Internet/email:
Keyboard: text input device that converts data into computer-readable format. Used in conjunction with a mouse.
Keyboard:
Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes. Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine. Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet. Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards. Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text. Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display. Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling. NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together.  Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions. PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh. Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer. Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB). Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change. Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages. Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage. Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on. Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen.  Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes.  Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality.  Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts.  USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive. Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card. Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Megabyte (MB): standard data measurement unit. One megabyte contains 1,024 kilobytes.
Megabyte (MB):
Microprocessor: also known as the central processing unit (CPU), the microprocessor is the central 'brain' of the computer, controlling all functions and actions. Its speed is measured in megahertz (MHz) or gigahertz (GHz), respectively millions or billions of cycles per second. The faster the microprocessor, the quicker the machine.
Microprocessor:
Modem (Modulator/Demodulator): a communication device via which the computer transmits and receives data over analogue telephone lines. Used for sending and receiving email and to browse and download information from the internet.
Modem (Modulator/Demodulator):
Motherboard: site of all of the internal circuitry for the system. The motherboard is the main circuit board inside the desktop computer, to which all other internal components connect. While it is not an element that can usually be specified, it is important to check it will support any necessary upgrades, such as a faster microprocessor and/or has space for additional cards.
Motherboard:
Mouse: a small, hand-operated device that provides users with an intuitive way of moving the cursor and selecting areas of text.
Mouse:
Mouse:
Notebook: another word for ‘Laptop’- a portable computer with integrated keyboard, mouse and display.
Notebook:
Notebook:
Netbook: a light, compact, highly portable and generally inexpensive way to use the internet and email. While not boasting the higher spec of a laptop, a Netbook’s WiFi functionality makes for easy access of the internet while travelling.
Netbook:
Netbook
NFC: a technology for wirelessly connecting two compatible devices simply by tapping them together. 
NFC:
 
Operating System (OS): the software handling the computer's basic functions.
Operating System (OS):
PC (personal computer): desktop 'IBM-compatible' computer - not an Apple Macintosh.
PC (personal computer):
Ports: the physical connection points that allows external devices such as printers and scanners to be linked to the computer.
Ports:
Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory: temporary workspace where the computer holds the data it is currently processing. The higher the amount of RAM, the more and larger the applications that can be run simultaneously. Measured in megabytes (MB).
Random Access Memory (RAM) also known as 'on-board' memory
Read-Only Memory (ROM): permanent memory storage for data that does not change.
Read-Only Memory (ROM):
Resolution: this is measured by the number of pixels - the tiny dots that make up the overall picture. The greater the pixel count, the higher the resolution and the sharper the display. The size of monitor and resolution you will need will depend on what you will use the computer for. Anyone intending to spend any significant amount of time on the internet should aim for a 15" screen and a resolution of at least 1024 x 768 - increasingly the standard for web pages.
Resolution:
Solid State Drive: See Internal Storage.
Solid State Drive:
Sound Card: the card that generates the computer's audio capability producing all the sounds required for audio tracks, games and so on.
Sound Card:
Tablet: Mobile computers that are designed to be navigated through a touch screen. 
Tablet:
Tablet:
 
 
Terabyte (TB): standard data measurement unit. One terabyte contains 1,024 gigabytes. 
Terabyte (TB):
 
Tower: stand-alone desktop computer that requires an additional monitor and speakers for full functionality. 
Tower:
Tower:
 
Ultrabook: lightweight, all-purpose mobile PC for travel, work and play. Powerful performance from Intel Core processors, wakes up in a flash and has battery life that lasts. 
Ultrabook:
Ultrabook:
 
USB port: an interface that allows a host computer to be connected to any compatible device e.g. mouse, joystick, scanner, digital camera, printer, personal media player, flash drive, and external hard drive.
USB port:
Video (or graphics) card: the card that allows your computer to communicate with your monitor, the video card has its own dedicated memory and is directly responsible for calculating the colour, position and size of all object on the screen. 3D cards are often a pre-requisite for many of today's best-selling games. Some computers come with a video card already incorporated into the mother card.
Video (or graphics) card:
Virtual memory: the part of a hard disc used to store data on a temporary basis and swap it in and out of RAM as required.
Virtual memory:
Tweet
Tweet
Tweet
Tweet
Tweet
Tweet
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Inspiration & advice
Inspiration & advice
Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Home & Garden Women Men Beauty Family Sports, Crafts & Leisure Electricals Technology
Home & Garden
Home & Garden
Women
Women
Men
Men
Beauty
Beauty
Family
Family
Sports, Crafts & Leisure
Sports, Crafts & Leisure
Electricals
Electricals
Technology
Technology
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16 Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Customer Service Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls
Customer Service
Contact us Track an order Returns policy Delivery information Never Knowingly Undersold Safety notices & product recalls
Contact us
Contact us
Track an order
Track an order
Returns policy
Returns policy
Delivery information
Delivery information
Never Knowingly Undersold
Never Knowingly Undersold
Safety notices & product recalls
Safety notices & product recalls
Here to help Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery
Here to help
Shop finder Appliance installation services Our Services Gift cards Buying guides Shop by brand John Lewis for Business International delivery
Shop finder
Shop finder
Appliance installation services
Appliance installation services
Our Services
Our Services
Gift cards
Gift cards
Buying guides
Buying guides
Shop by brand
Shop by brand
John Lewis for Business
John Lewis for Business
International delivery
International delivery
About my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16
About
my John Lewis card Bringing Quality to Life JLP jobs JLP corporate information Security & privacy Cookies Terms & conditions Download our Human Rights report 2015/16
my John Lewis card
my John Lewis card
Bringing Quality to Life
Bringing Quality to Life
JLP jobs
JLP jobs
JLP corporate information
JLP corporate information
Security & privacy
Security & privacy
Cookies
Cookies
Terms & conditions
Terms & conditions
Download our Human Rights report 2015/16
Download our Human Rights report 2015/16
Our other websites John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
Our other websites
John Lewis Insurance Partnership Card Wedding & Gift List John Lewis Broadband Waitrose Foreign Currency Our Apps Visit our mobile site
John Lewis Insurance
John Lewis Insurance
Partnership Card
Partnership Card
Wedding & Gift List
Wedding & Gift List
John Lewis Broadband
John Lewis Broadband
Waitrose
Waitrose
Foreign Currency
Foreign Currency
Our Apps
Our Apps
Visit our mobile site
Visit our mobile site
Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Your comments help us improve our website Send us your feedback
Your comments help us improve our website
Send us your feedback
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas: Please enter a valid email address
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas:
Please enter a valid email address
Please enter a valid email address
Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Follow us on: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Follow us on:
Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Pinterest Instagram
Facebook
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
Twitter
YouTube
YouTube
YouTube
Google+
Google+
Google+
Pinterest
Pinterest
Pinterest
Instagram
Instagram
Instagram
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280 Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England. Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England.
John Lewis plc Registered office 171 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5NN, Registered in England.
Company registration number 233462 VAT no. GB232457280
Copyright © John Lewis Partnership 2001 - 2016
Close Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters Back to previous results
Close Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters Back to previous results
Close
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters Back to previous results
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters Back to previous results
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching your filters
Back to previous results
Back to previous results
Back to previous results
Close popup We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Close popup We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Close popup
We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
cookies